As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:New users page

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * **New users page**
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
**Welcome** to the [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ), a collaborative project of the [FIRST community](/index.php/FIRST_community "FIRST community" ) to provide an historical record and other resources for the [FIRST Robotics Program](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ). 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:New_users_page&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: What we are" )]

## What we are

We are a **wiki**, meaning anybody can edit any of our pages (including this
one). We believe that by providing open content we can better serve the FIRST
community. To learn more about [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ),
read our [mission statement](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Mission_statement
"FIRSTwiki:Mission statement" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:New_users_page&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Where to start" )]

## Where to start

The [Main page](/index.php/Main_page "Main page" ) provides a useful resource
to start browsing our content. We hope to have what you are looking for, but
if not, you can help try to provide the content yourself (see below for tips
on editing). We appreciate your feedback, so whether you have a recommendation
for one of our articles, or would just like to give us a pat on the back,
please click on the _Discuss this page_ link on the sidebar, and leave your
comment.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:New_users_page&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Getting more information" )]

## Getting more information

To edit a page, all you have to do is click on the _Edit this page_ link and
start typing away. However, to understand the slew of special editing marks
and formats and style guidelines, please visit our **[help
pages](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**. These pages are
designed to give you an overview of everything you need to know to start
editing quickly. Please note that your contribution is more important to us
than the specific formatting you use -- so [be bold in updating
pages](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Be_bold_in_updating_pages
"wikipedia:Wikipedia:Be_bold_in_updating_pages" ). If you make a mistake,
don't worry; someone will be along to fix it, and help you learn the ropes.

