As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:User questions

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [FIRSTwiki:User
Questions](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_Questions&redirect=no
"FIRSTwiki:User Questions" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * **User questions**
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
This is a collection of **User questions**, or **Frequently asked questions**
for [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ). If you can't find the
answer to your question here, you can read the [new users
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" ) or the
[help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" ) for more information.
If your question is still unanswered, you can ask it at the [village
pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" ). If your
question is not answered in any of the following pages, please post it below
and someone will answer it and, possibly copy it to the appropriate FAQ page.
If you are having trouble editing an artical, you may want to reffer to the
[FIRSTwiki:Uneditable Articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Uneditable_Articles
"FIRSTwiki:Uneditable Articles" ) page.

## Contents

  * 1 General FAQs
  * 2 New Questions
    * 2.1 How do I ask a question?
    * 2.2 How do we include images from ChiefDelphi?
  * 3 Resolved Questions
    * 3.1 Why does a redirect to a category page not "work"?
  * 4 See also  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: General FAQs" )]

## General FAQs

  * [Overview FAQ](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Overview_FAQ "FIRSTwiki:Overview FAQ" ) \- General questions about the project. 
  * [Readers' FAQ](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Readers%27_FAQ&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Readers' FAQ" ) \- Finding, reading and using FIRSTwiki material. 
  * [Contributing FAQ](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Contributing_FAQ&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Contributing FAQ" ) \- Why you might want to contribute, and how you can do it. 
  * [Editing FAQ](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Editing_FAQ "FIRSTwiki:Editing FAQ" ) \- The nuts and bolts of creating and editing FIRSTwiki pages. 
  * [Administration FAQ](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Administration_FAQ&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Administration FAQ" ) \- What a sysop is, sysop status, and administrator responsibility. 
  * [Technical FAQ](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Technical_FAQ&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Technical FAQ" ) \- Questions about FIRSTwiki (MediaWiki) software. 
  * [Miscellaneous FAQ](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Miscellaneous_FAQ&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Miscellaneous FAQ" ) \- Everything else. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: New Questions" )]

## New Questions

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: How do I ask a question?" )]

### How do I ask a question?

If the question is short, just place it inside the heading tags like this one.
If it is longer, put some title in the heading tags and explain the question
below.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: How do we include images from ChiefDelphi?" )]

### How do we include images from ChiefDelphi?

It's a bother having to download and reupload images from ChiefDelphi. As
FIRSTwiki is sort of a part of ChiefDelphi, can something be set up where
FIRSTwiki can freely and easily reference images from ChiefDelphi? Even
formally permitting external links to ChiefDelphi images would do wonders.
--[Nathan Hui](/index.php/User:Nathan_Hui "User:Nathan Hui" ) 01:47, 5 March
2012 (CST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Resolved Questions" )]

## Resolved Questions

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Why does a redirect to a category page not "work"?" )]

### Why does a redirect to a category page not "work"?

I was trying to redirect
[Index_of_teams_(FLL)](/index.php?title=Index_of_teams_%28FLL%29&action=edit
"Index of teams \(FLL\)" ) to [Category:FLL
teams](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL teams" ). This "kind of"
works in that if you click on the
[Index_of_teams_(FLL)](/index.php?title=Index_of_teams_%28FLL%29&action=edit
"Index of teams \(FLL\)" ) link you will end up on the category page. However
when you get there you see the text of the category page, but not the links to
items in that category!

I'm trying to deprecate the
[Index_of_teams_(FLL)](/index.php?title=Index_of_teams_%28FLL%29&action=edit
"Index of teams \(FLL\)" ) as no one is going to maintain it, it isn't linked
on the home page, and categories will allow more automatic navigation.

Thanks -[PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" ) 08:56, 23 Jun
2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:User_questions&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: See also" )]

## See also

  * [Help pages](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )
  * [Uneditable Articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Uneditable_Articles "FIRSTwiki:Uneditable Articles" )

