# Inventor

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Autodesk Inventor** is a parametric computer aided design software package. A software license is provided to [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) teams by Autodesk, Inc. for use in developing, prototyping, and testing computer-based models of [robots](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) and robot assemblies. 

The software's parametric nature allows designers excellent flexibility in
making design changes through a set of constant and derived data. This means
that, for example, changing the hole size or pattern for one part
automatically changes or adjusts the mating hole size and pattern on an
adjacent part.

Inventor operates around the concept of parts and assemblies. The user will
begin by opening a new part file and face a 2D sketch plane. The user can draw
many basic shapes, such as circles, rectangles, lines, and others. After the
user has created the basic 2D sketch, the user selects "finish sketch" and is
lead to a 3D environment that has an image of the 2D part they just created.
From here, they are capable of selecting what operation they wish to do to
their part. The options availible are: extrude, revolve, amd others. Once the
part has had an operation performed on it, it becomes a "consumed" part, and
other 3D options cannot be used (i.e. extrude, revolve) on the part again
(unless an edit is needed). From here, the user has two options: if they are
finished with their part, they may move on to an assembly, or they may use a
sketch in order to create an addition to their part. A sketch is merely a 2D
workplane that, once finished and viewed in the 3D mode, can be extruded,
revolved, or any other operation Work planes may also be utilized in order to
create sketches that are not directly on selectable planes on the existing
part. Once the sketch is finished and consumed by the 3D option, yet another
sketch can be used, and the process can be repeated until the desired part is
achieved. This type of approach allows a person to easily build elaborately
complex and accurate parts. Once a user is finished with the individual part,
he/she may wish to combine it with other parts into a large-scale machine. The
mode used to do this is called an assembly. In assembly mode, the user starts
out with a blank 3D screen and can import parts into the space. Once the
desired parts have been acquired, the user can begin to put together parts
using constraints. Constraints are physical connections that are made between
parts that describe how they fit together and move. An example would be a
wheel and an axle. The first constraint would be an insert constraint, which
would connect the wheel to the axle in such a way that the wheel would spin
around thttp://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Inventor&amp;action=edithe
axle. The second would be a flush constraint, which would line up the wheel
with the axle, and could be offset so that the wheel could be located anywhere
along the shaft. The result of these two constraints would be a wheel mounted
on an axle (and able to spin) in a fixed position along that axle. The overall
ease of use and relative power of the program allows for large machines to be
accurately represented in a reasonable amount of time.

The software also has the ability to export part and assembly files to a
number of standard three-dimensional model file formats, such as
[STEP](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/STEP_%28ISO_10303%29
"wikipedia:STEP_\(ISO_10303\)" ) and [IGES](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/IGES
"wikipedia:IGES" ), easily allowing Autodesk Inventor files to be imported
into [computer aided manufacturing](/index.php/Computer_aided_manufacturing
"Computer aided manufacturing" ) software.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Inventor&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
External Links" )]

##  External Links

  * [Autodesk Inventor](http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=4246282 "http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=4246282" )
  * [FIRST CAD Library](http://www.firstcadlibrary.com/ "http://www.firstcadlibrary.com/" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Inventor&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: YouTube
Tutorials" )]

## YouTube Tutorials

  * [Drawing Threads in Autodesk Inventor](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5trouwlMopI "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5trouwlMopI" )
  * [Autodesk Inventor - 3D Sketch and Sweep](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_qipSyXpEY "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_qipSyXpEY" )
  * [Emboss Engrave Text](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdgTxvkoRAY "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdgTxvkoRAY" )

  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Inventor&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Inventor&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Inventor>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Inventor
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Software](/index.php/Category:Software "Category:Software" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Inventor)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Inventor&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Inventor&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Inventor&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Inventor)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Inventor)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Inventor)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Inventor&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Inventor&oldid=68900)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 16:48, 28 August 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 3,212 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

