As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Jack Kamen

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| This article is derived from content on Wikipedia, and is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" ). Unlike the rest of this
site, it is NOT licensed under the GNU Free Documentation license 1.2, and
until and unless this article is rewritten in FIRSTwiki contributors' own
words or the site is relicensed, it is subject to the terms of the Creative
Commons license, and is legally considered a derivation of Wikipedia content.  

**Derived from:** <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Kamen>  
You may continue to
**[edit](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&action=edit" )** this
article.  
  
---|---  
  
Jack Kamen (May 29, 1920 – August 5, 2008) was an illustrator from Brooklyn,
New York. His first professional job was as an assistant to a sculptor working
for the Texas Centennial. He studied sculpture with Agop Agopoff and was a
student of Harvey Dunn, George Brandt Bridgman and William C. McNulty. When
Kamen attended classes at the Art Students League and the Grand Central Art
School, he paid for his studies by painting theatrical scenery, decorating
fashion mannequins and creating sculptures.

He was beginning a career as an illustrator for Western and detective pulp
magazines when he was called into the Army in 1942. After World War II, he
started drawing comic books for Fiction House and Iger Associates, eventually
getting assignments from EC Comics to illustrate romance comics. He became one
of the most prolific EC artists, drawing crime, horror, humor, suspense and
science fiction stories, and was known for his drawings of pretty women.
Describing Kamen's understated style, EC editor Al Feldstein said, "We gave
Kamen those stories where the All-American girl and guy are married, and then
chop each other to pieces."[1] After EC's line of comics fell victim to
industry censorship in 1954–55, it was Kamen who suggested to the publisher
that the company could avoid the newly imposed Comics Code Authority
strictures with a pricier magazine format, which Kamen dubbed "Picto-
Fiction".[1] However, EC's woes followed the new line of Picto-Fiction titles,
including Kamen's favorite, Psychoanalysis. The magazines were
underdistributed, and were soon canceled.

After EC, he drew Sunday supplement illustrations and created advertising art
for a wide variety of clients: Esquire Shoe Polish, Mack Trucks, Pan American
Airlines, Playtex, RCA, Smith Corona and Sylvania. He also drew all the comic
book artwork for Stephen King and George A. Romero's 1982 horror anthology
film Creepshow, King and Romero's homage to the EC horror comics.[2] Although
the bulk of the artwork for the graphic novel adaptation of the film was done
by acclaimed macabre artist Berni Wrightson (along with his daughter who did
some of the coloring), Jack Kamen illustrated the cover.

He is also the creator of the logo for his son Dean's FIRST program.[3]

Kamen's middle son Dean L. Kamen is the inventor of the Segway and the iBOT
Mobility System. His eldest son Barton was Director of Pediatric
Hematology/Oncology at the Cancer Institute of New Jersey, as well as a
Professor of Pediatrics and Pharmacology at UMDNJ-Robert Wood Johnson Medical
School and is now the Chief Medical Officer of the Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma
Society. Mitch and Terri are twins and the youngest of the four children.
Mitch is a musician in NY and his only daughter Terri is owner and General
Manager of S&amp;K Insurance Advisors, a very successful insurance agency in
Palm Beach County, FL. Bart's daughter Libby is Jack and Evelyn's only
grandchild. She is currently a college student and a graduate of Dean's FIRST
Robotics program.

Kamen died at his home in Boca Raton on August 5, 2008 from causes related to
cancer.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Jack_Kamen>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Jack_Kamen)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Jack_Kamen&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [174.129.228.67](/index.php/User:174.129.228.67)
  * [Talk for this IP](/index.php/User_talk:174.129.228.67)
  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Jack_Kamen)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Jack_Kamen)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Jack_Kamen)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Jack_Kamen&oldid=80480)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 23:16, 14 June 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 645 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

