As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Acupuncture needles

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Acupuncture_needles&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Acupuncture - An Alternate To Traditional Health Care" )]

##  Acupuncture - An Alternate To Traditional Health Care

With the globalization of our world, Eastern and Western medicine are
beginning to mesh in certain areas. Acupuncture is one of the Eastern
techniques quickly gaining an edge in Western medicine.

Acupuncture is believed to be over 2000 years old as a medical practice.
Though several countries in Asia have their specific version of the apply, it
originated in China. Alas, the person who created it is been lost to time. It
is a pity since acupuncture has become each one in all the most fashionable
and most lasting medical technique within the world.

So, simply what is acupuncture? At its core, the treatment is concerning the
manipulation of energy within the body. Much of Chinese medicine is predicated
on the concept that energy, called Qi, flows through the body in two currents.
These currents are referred to as Yan and Ying. Once the body gets out of
whack, one current becomes dominant. This leads to disease, pain and poor
health.

Unlike Western medicine, acupuncture does not specialise in the symptoms.
Instead, the main focus is on the underlying explanation for the discomfort.
After 2,000 years of apply, there are elaborate anatomical maps that
facilitate a professional isolate those areas that might be inflicting the
poor health of a patient. These areas are then manipulated through the
utilization of needles placed through the skin.

Needles! many folks are petrified of needles. One need only think of the large
needles in a very doctor's office to develop the concern. [Acupuncture Needles
](http://www.buyacupunctureneedles.com/section.php/270/1/acupuncture_needles
"http://www.buyacupunctureneedles.com/section.php/270/1/acupuncture_needles" )
are totally different. They are the dimension of roughly one human hair. once
placed through the skin, most patients will not even feel the penetration. It
is the rare individual who will feel even the slightest little bit of
discomfort.

A bit a lot of on the needles. An acupuncture needle is a one use medical
device. they come in a very sterile package and are used on one patient. At
the end of the treatment, the needle is removed and thrown away. This approach
eliminates concerns of infections and also the transfer of any disease, to
wit, the needles are safe.

When it involves health care, there are plenty of individuals selling snake
oil recently. Said snake oil, of course, cures everything. Acupuncture comes
with no such fluff, and wish not. It is been shown to be a superb treatment
for a few health issues, however less therefore for others.

The number one area wherever acupuncture has tried to be a boon is in pain
management. Chronic pain could be a nightmare. the answer in western medicine
is to medicate the patient. The matter, of course, is that the medications
before long cause a lot of issues than the pain. During this case, we are
talking concerning the habit-forming qualities of Oxycotin, Vicodin and other
pain killers.

Acupuncture, in turn, is not habit-forming and has shown superb results once
it involves serving to patients manage chronic pain. To the current finish,
acupuncture is currently a regular treatment course prescribed by primary care
doctors for back pain, tennis elbow, nausea from chemotherapy and many of
other things. If your current course of treatment is not working out, raise
your medical professional whether acupuncture is an choice.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Acupuncture_needles>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:Acupuncture_needles)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:Acupuncture_needles&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:Acupuncture_needles&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:Acupuncture_needles&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:Acupuncture_needles)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:Acupuncture_needles)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:Acupuncture_needles)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Acupuncture_needles)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:Acupuncture_needles&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:Acupuncture_needles&oldid=823179)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:47, 25 September 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 2 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

