# OpenFIRST

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Brief Introduction
  * 2 Mandate
  * 3 Compatibility
  * 4 Founders; History
  * 5 Volunteers
  * 6 External Resources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Brief
Introduction" )]

##  Brief Introduction

The openFIRST Web Portal System is an integrated set of modules which may be
used together to create or enhance a web site. It is directed towards teams
participating in the FIRST competition. The software is written and maintained
by a group of students that are members of FIRST teams across the world. See
the [openFIRST Project site](http://www.openfirst.org
"http://www.openfirst.org" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Mandate" )]

##  Mandate

(openFIRST is) an initiative designed to aid FIRST teams in creating their
team's web sites, and to provide quality feedback to webmasters of FIRST
teams. All of our original code is distributed under the GPL. Proprietary code
packaged with some modules may not be.

The openFIRST Project currently, and has in the past, participated a variety
of collaborative projects with other FIRST-Related Organisations. Those
wishing to propose such a collaborative project are invited to mail the
openfirst-devel mailing list.

[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Compatibility" )]

##  Compatibility

openFIRST is compatible with Linux, Windows, and other Operating Systems. It
is compatible with the Apache, Microsoft IIS, Sambar, and other webservers.
Both PHP and access to a database are required.

[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Founders; History" )]

##  Founders; History

The openFIRST project was founded by Tim Ginn (team [1006](/index.php/1006
"1006" )) and David DiBiase (team [1049](/index.php/1049 "1049" )) in 2003.

[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Volunteers" )]

##  Volunteers

An up-to-date listing of the volunteers who helped with the openFIRST Project
is available at
[http://www.openfirst.org/developers](http://www.openfirst.org/developers/
"http://www.openfirst.org/developers/" ). Those wishing to become involved as
a volunteer may wish to read [the openFIRST Contributor's
HOWTO](http://openfirst.org/doc/tut/howto/
"http://openfirst.org/doc/tut/howto/" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
External Resources" )]

##  External Resources

  * [openFIRST Project Site](http://www.openfirst.org "http://www.openfirst.org" ) \- contains the main project details 
  * [FIRST Blogs](http://blog.openfirst.org "http://blog.openfirst.org" ) \- Blogging community for past/present FIRSTers (run through the openFIRST Project) 
  * [openFIRST Bugzilla Server](http://bugzilla.openfirst.org "http://bugzilla.openfirst.org" ) \- bug reports and feature requests 
  * [openFIRST Update Server](http://update.openfirst.org "http://update.openfirst.org" ) \- update facilities 
  * [FIRST Canadian Regional Site](http://www.firstcanadianregional.org "http://www.firstcanadianregional.org" ) \- FIRST Canadian Regional website (where the founders first met each other) 
  * [IRC channel](irc://irc.freenode.net#openfirst "irc://irc.freenode.net#openfirst" )on irc.freenode.net (rarely used) 

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/OpenFIRST>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=OpenFIRST
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/OpenFIRST)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:OpenFIRST&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=OpenFIRST)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/OpenFIRST)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/OpenFIRST)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=OpenFIRST&oldid=39685)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 22:34, 11 July 2005.
  * This page has been accessed 1,921 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

