As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# Transmission

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A **transmission** provides different [gear](/index.php/Gear "Gear" ) ratios
to get the full potential out of the [motors](/index.php/Motor "Motor" )
provided in the [kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ).

## Contents

  * 1 Synopsis
  * 2 Building a FIRST robot transmission
    * 2.1 Shifting
    * 2.2 Motors
  * 3 Types
  * 4 External links  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Synopsis" )]

##  Synopsis

For many teams, the drill motor and it's built-in planetary gearbox (plus an
additional chain &amp; sprocket reduction) was plenty enough to power the
drivetrain of their robot. In 2005, the drill motors were phased out and were
replaced with 2 more [CIM](/index.php/CIM "CIM" ) motors, giving a total of 4
[CIM](/index.php/CIM "CIM" ) motors in the [kit of
parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ). Additionally, a custom kit
transmission was packed into the 2005 kit of parts, giving teams a 1 or 2
motor, single speed transmission.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Building a FIRST robot transmission" )]

## Building a FIRST robot transmission

There are many options to consider when making a transmission. Here are a few:  

  * Multiple-Speed 
  * Multiple-Motor 
  * Continously Variable 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Shifting" )]

### Shifting

In recent years, shifting transmissions have started to make a larger
appearance. The advantages to having a shifting transmission are being able to
select a specific reduction ratio for a specific circumstance. If you are in a
pushing match or need to accurately position your robot, you could select a
high reduction to increase the robot's output torque and lower its speed,
giving it more pushing power and controllability. If you are on the offense,
then you could select a lower reduction and increase the robot's speed.  
Most teams that build a shifting transmission choose to have only two speeds:
one low gear for more pushing power, and one high gear for a higher top speed.  
A handful of teams choose to construct 3 speed, 4 speed, or more,
transmission.  
  

The most common way to shift is with gears; there are two common ways to do
it: via [dog-shifting](/index.php?title=Dog-shifting&action=edit "Dog-
shifting" ) or via [mesh-shifting](/index.php?title=Mesh-shifting&action=edit
"Mesh-shifting" ). Some teams break away from the conventional methods and use
different methods to shift gears. Team 222 uses a [ball-
shifter](/index.php?title=Ball-shifter&action=edit "Ball-shifter" ), which
allows their transmissions to be much smaller. Some teams shift by changing
the size of their wheels (they would switch between different pairs of wheels,
a smaller wheel for more torque, a bigger one for more speed).  
Some teams take it to the next level and incorperate a [Continously Variable
Transmission (CVT)](/index.php/CVT "CVT" ), allowing an infinite amount of
reduction ratios.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Motors" )]

### Motors

Teams generally use the most powerful motors in the kit to drive their robot;
these motors (2005) would be the 4 [CIMs](/index.php/CIM "CIM" ) and the 2
[Fisher Price motors](/index.php/Fisher_Price_motor "Fisher Price motor" ).
Since 4 CIM motors were included in the kit, constructing a 2 motor
transmission was not very difficult, since no reduction was needed. Some teams
chose to also add in the fisher price motor, either to replace one set of CIM
motors, or simply to add to the drivetrain's power. Some teams chose to
achieve the proper reduction through gears, some chose to use the AM-
planetaries sold by AndyMark.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Types" )]

##  Types

  * [CVT](/index.php/CVT "CVT" ) \- Experimental, at best 
  * [Four speed transmission](/index.php/Four_speed_transmission "Four speed transmission" ) \- Simple, powerful, light. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
External links" )]

##  External links

  * [Transmission on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_%28mechanics%29 "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_%28mechanics%29" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Transmission>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Transmission
"Special:Categories" ): [Robot
components](/index.php/Category:Robot_components "Category:Robot components" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Transmission)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Transmission&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Transmission&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Transmission)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Transmission)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Transmission)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Transmission&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Transmission&oldid=80759)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:05, 11 July 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 2,263 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

