As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Scouting

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Scouting**, is the process of collecting information about the various [robots](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) that are competing at a particular [regional](/index.php/Regional "Regional" ) or the [Championship Event](/index.php/Championship_Event "Championship Event" ), and turning that information into something useful that can be used later for picking partners in finals. It can also be thought of as "Intelligence and Strategy". Scouting is a very important aspect of competition, and is vital both for game strategy. 

## Contents

  * 1 Overview
  * 2 Methods of Scouting
    * 2.1 The Database
    * 2.2 Excel
    * 2.3 Notes
  * 3 The Scout
    * 3.1 Hierarchy
    * 3.2 Morale
  * 4 See Also  
---  
  

## Overview

While, at first glance, scouting appears to be easy, and is often overlooked
by [rookie teams](/index.php/Rookie_teams "Rookie teams" ) (and a few [veteran
teams](/index.php/Veteran_teams "Veteran teams" ) too), it is actually a quite
a challenge in terms of information management. The organization required for
mounting a scouting effort can be enormous. Collecting information on 40 or
more robots, including their performance during practice and qualification
matches, strategies that are used, strengths and weaknesses of the robot,
special abilities, organizing it into something manageable, and then
distributing the relevant information to the people who need it, when they
need it, is quite a formidable challenge.

This is why it is so vitally important to do as much preparation for scouting
as possible _before_ the competition.


## Methods of Scouting

There are many different [scouting methods](/index.php/Scouting_methods
"Scouting methods" ) of scouting, all of which have their pros and cons. It's
important to choose one of the many [scouting
methods](/index.php/Scouting_methods "Scouting methods" ) so that there will
be enough time for the team to prepare the information for competition. With
proper preparation, scouting can be an incredibly useful tool that can give a
team the edge it needs to win a competion, and picking the method or methods
best for your team is essential to success.


### The Database

Some teams will program a database can have raw data entered in, and push out
statistics. The includes in excel form, in a graphical form (including
pictures of the team's robots, and so on), or combinations of the two.
Databases can be a great tool; however, they do have their flaws. If a
database crashes....boom. There goes all your data. ALWAYS keep written data
in addition to a database, if you use one. Also, the database is only as good
as it has been programmed to be. Some will be far more functional than others,
and some may lack functionality to the point an excel sheet is better. _Note:
Databases are usually best kept in objective form; save subjective data for
notes, an excel sheet, or other method._


### Excel

Excel sheets are common method of getting all the data onto one readable and
sortable form. Excels sheets are great on their own or accompanying notes
and/or a database. If you have notes, you can pull all that raw data into one
place, and have something much more manageable to work with when deciding on
picks. With a database, not only can that data on the database be interpreted
into an excel sheet, but scout can also create a sheet of subjective data. If
it comes down to teetering on two or more teams positions on the list, things
will come down to subjective data.


### Notes

Good ol' pen and paper. When all else fails, this is the place to go. Either
way, you should ALWAYS have written records of your scouting prior to having
them placed in an electronic format. You never know when something might fail.

It's also very helpful to other teams scouting if a team does such things as
preparing a robot info sheet, updating their team's [FIRST Wiki
profile](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ), updating their team's
[website](/index.php/Website "Website" ) frequently, or having someone
qualified on the team regularly available to answer questions about the team's
robot at competition. Some teams have created databases that can generate
basic information of this sort automatically, and prepare it in a printable
form; however, pencil and paper or manual searching works, too.


## The Scout

In the end, things will come down to the Scout, and whether or not they did
their job properly. If a scout is uninterested and goofs off, he isn't taking
reliable data. If a scout is biased toward a certain team or robot feature, he
may not be making the best decisions when it comes to picking teams. Knowing
the scouts, and how to keep them doing great work while still having a good
time, is the most critical part to scouting's success.


###  Hierarchy

To have scouts working efficiently and without conflict, the proper hierarchy
must be installed. Here are some tips to creating a successful hierarchy:

  * There should be somebody making sure all scouts are on task. Some teams refer to this position as the "The Knuckle Breaker" or the "Scout Captain". This person should have a great temperament, be a focused individual, as well as be able to watch a match and all of his scouts at the same time. 
  * There should somebody in charge of making sure all nessecary data gets collected. _Example: _ If he wants to know about [human players](/index.php?title=Human_players&action=edit "Human players" ), the enforcer makes sure it happens. It's his responsibility to make sure everything thats needed to collected for alliance selection is collected. This person should be calm and informed. 
  * It may be a good idea to have one person in charge of making sure the teams that will be picked for the alliance are the right picks. He should have a lighter workload during the day to focus intently on all robots performance. He should stay in contact with the [Drive Team](/index.php/Drive_Team "Drive Team" ) to take notes on how well teams worked with their own. This person should be calm, focused, and unbiased. 
  * The should be "Collectors" whose primary job is to take data on robots and keep mental and physical notes of their performance. There should be enough of these to rotate them out for break often, as this job gets very tedious, very fast. 
  * There should be a runner between the [pits](/index.php?title=Pits&action=edit "Pits" ) and the [stands](/index.php?title=Stands&action=edit "Stands" ) to pass information back and forth between the [Drive Team](/index.php/Drive_Team "Drive Team" ), [Pit crew](/index.php?title=Pit_crew&action=edit "Pit crew" ), and scouts. 


###  Morale

Morale for scouts in the stands can get very low, very fast. You need to keep
spirits up or people wont want to do their jobs anymore. Here are some tricks
to try and keep people happy:

  * Allow for many breaks on the more tedious jobs 
  * Give scouts noisemakers and other fun spirit objects 
  * Have scouts hold up and wave signs during your teams matches. This gives them an excuse to stand up and stretch their legs, and encourages cheering 
  * The scouts will get hungry, and wont be able to go to lunch until after noon. Brink snacks and water, if allowed by the event. 
  * Passing around some inside jokes and mentioning funny phrases or memes at the right moment can help break tension, which runs high throughout the day. Encourage these things, as long as their not crossing any lines. 

  

  


## See Also

  * [FIRST Scouting Network](/index.php?title=FIRST_Scouting_Network&action=edit "FIRST Scouting Network" )
  * [FIRST NEMO](/index.php/NEMO "NEMO" )
  * [Scouting Methods](/index.php/Scouting_methods "Scouting methods" )

