As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Josefjones

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Aircraft Refueling System with Industrial Wireless Technology**

  

Plane Refueling is an important a part of the air transport system.
Additionally it is necessary as the security of the plane is involved with
this. Aircraft refueling is a posh half and it must be performed in a proper
manner. It may be finished manually however [wireless
remote](http://www.evidencewarehouse.ocp.dc.gov/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones
"http://www.evidencewarehouse.ocp.dc.gov/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones" )
control is the best choice when minute action is needed. In addition to, the
entire thing could be done more precisely and completely when it is performed
by an [**industrial wireless**](http://www.baseng.com/
"http://www.baseng.com/" ) remote.

With the help of recent radio remote management know-how the manufacturers are
designing many wonderful remotes. These methods are being manufactured with a
view to carry out the plane refueling activities. These trendy refueling
systems are primarily developed for industrial applications that require
positive operator to machine contact. This system, used for plane refueling,
has a wi-fi set off switch which is used to ship the RF command indicators to
the pump. The operator is unencumbered by cables and network wires. This
complete system is generally used in ‘deadman’ fuelling system.

The system can be included with the frequency hopping unfold spectrum know-how
that ensures the uninterrupted service of the system. Within the industrial
sectors many sorts of interferences occur. The FHSS or Frequency Hopping
Unfold Spectrum system ensures the interference free management as it might
probably get rid of every kind of digital and RF interferences. The FHSS
system includes a operational failsafe choice which can shut down the entire
system during any little sign loss or interference associated disturbances.

The transmitter of this technique has ‘Safety Timer’ software which can
restrict the change closure duration earlier than the automatic shut down.
Nonetheless this distinctive feature requires a periodic trigger pulse by
operator so as to maintain the receiver ‘on’ condition. It's also accessible
with up to eleven other command functions accessible per every buyer’s
requirements. Modular quick-join parts are also out there and it allows for
simple set up in addition to subject service. The shoppers may get pre-wired
solenoids as per as their wants and these pre-wired solenoids can be found for
pneumatic, hydraulic, and hose reel control interface.

The transmitter of the Aircraft Refueling System has a normal frequency of
902-928MHz. Non-compulsory 433.92MHz, 869.7MHz, and 2.4GHz programs are also
available. The transmitter can work inside a signaling range of 100mW. It may
possibly work with 56 bit DES encryption key transmission power. Internally
mounted antenna is obtainable with the machine which is mostly designed with
‘on card’ PCB mounted enclosure. The traditional range of the antenna is 500
feet. Excessive power range can be available. As they are constructed in a
rugged weatherproof polymer enclosure, it's sturdy enough to provide service
for lengthy days. The transmitter can work nicely in a temperature
specification of minus 20F to 185F.

The battery of the system could be charged up with normal 12/24 VDC truck
charger. The charger is supplied by the manufacturers. As soon as recharged,
the battery can run constantly for 30hrs. Audible low battery warning and
Flashing LED indicator are available. The Automatic Aircraft Refueling System
is definitely an intrinsically protected unit for using in hazardous
environments and ROHS Lead-Free compliant.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Josefjones&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Josefjones)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Josefjones)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Josefjones)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Josefjones)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones&oldid=116096)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 08:13, 30 May 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 5 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

