As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 2337

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

EngiNERDs  
---  
[![](/media/thumb/2/22/Team_2337_-_EngiNERDs_-_Logo_-_200x200.png/150px-
Team_2337_-_EngiNERDs_-_Logo_-_200x200.png)](/index.php/Image:Team_2337_-
_EngiNERDs_-_Logo_-_200x200.png "" )  
Rookie Year: | 2008  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Grand Blanc, MI, USA  
School: | Grand Blanc High School  
Approx. size: | 30  
Team Website: | <http://www.team2337.com/>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/2337
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/2337" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/2337
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/2337" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc2337
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc2337" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 2008 - Rookie's Fortune
    * 1.2 2009 - Sophomore Blues
    * 1.3 2010 - A Resurgance
    * 1.4 2011 - Life is Iterative
    * 1.5 2012 - Future Plans
  * 2 Robots
    * 2.1 2008 - Bullet Bill
    * 2.2 2009 - Bad Dream Machine (Autobomb)
    * 2.3 2010 - (Robot was not named)
    * 2.4 2011 - (Muhammad) Ali
  * 3 Leadership
    * 3.1 History
    * 3.2 Current Mentors
    * 3.3 Current Section Leaders
  * 4 Accomplishments
    * 4.1 2008
    * 4.2 2009
    * 4.3 2010
    * 4.4 2011
  * 5 Sponsors
    * 5.1 2008
    * 5.2 2009
    * 5.3 2010
    * 5.4 2011
    * 5.5 2012
  * 6 Media
    * 6.1 Social Media
    * 6.2 Video  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: History" )]

## History

The Grand Blanc High School Robotics team is comprised of two Head Mentors,
several Team Mentors, and students from Grand Blanc High School. Head Mentor
[Clinton Bolinger](/index.php/User:CBolinger "User:CBolinger" ) was introduced
to FIRST Robotics as a senior at Kearsley High School, and then assisted in
establishing a team in the 2001 season. He advanced to Kettering University to
pursue a career in Engineering, but continued to mentor the Kearsley High
School Robotics Team until 2003 when the team ended due to lack of funding. In
2007, Clinton became an assistant mentor for the Swartz Creek High School
Robotics Team with the help of Brandi Suder. Brandi has an education
background from Central Michigan University, and develops much of the
educational core of the activities. After one season with the Swartz Creek
High School Robotics team, Clinton and Brandi were presented with an
opportunity to establish a FIRST Robotics Team at Grand Blanc High School via
the request of two students who were greatly impacted by the opportunities
that FIRST Robotics offers. These two students, Matt Dearlove and Gage Hainer,
played a crucial role in establishing the foundation of the Grand Blanc High
School Robotics Team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: 2008 -
Rookie's Fortune" )]

### 2008 - Rookie's Fortune

2008, the team's rookie season, saw success for the newly formed Team 2337,
the EngiNERDs. At the unofficial week 1 Kettering Rookie Regional, the 4th
seeded EngiNERDs were chosen first overall to the alliance of captains Team
[2604](/index.php/2604 "2604" ), Metal and Soul, and Team
[2627](/index.php?title=2627&action=edit "2627" ), Techies. Advancing to the
finals despite having to replace their hammer during the semifinals, the
EngiNERDs fell in two matches to the #2 alliance led by Team
[2619](/index.php/2619 "2619" ), the Charge, beginning a still ongoing
friendly rivalry. At the Detroit Regional, the NERDs went 7-3-0 during
qualifications matches and made the quarterfinal matches, selected by Team
[818](/index.php/818 "818" ), the Steel Armadillos, and also allied with Team
[2431](/index.php?title=2431&action=edit "2431" ), the TechnoColts, where they
tied one and lost the next two matches to be eliminated. They won Rookie All-
Star at this competition, qualifying them for the World Championship that
year. At the West Michigan Regional, Team 2337 was 6-2-0 in the qualification
rounds, resulting in a selection to the 3rd seeded alliance by
[1504](/index.php/1504 "1504" ), the Desperate Penguins, also allied with Team
[910](/index.php/910 "910" ), the Foley Freeze. In these elimination rounds,
the NERDs won two matches and lost one in the quarterfinals, advancing to the
semifinals, where they lost both matches to the #2 alliance and were
subsequently eliminated. At the World Championship in Atlanta, Georgia, the
EngiNERDs selected their alliance of Team [33](/index.php/33 "33" ), The
Killer Bees, and Team [45](/index.php/45 "45" ), The TechnoKats, as the 2nd
seeded team on Curie Division, where they advanced it to the Semifinals before
being eliminated by the team that declined 2337's invitation, then led their
own alliance to Einstein Finals, Team [67](/index.php/67 "67" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: 2009 -
Sophomore Blues" )]

### 2009 - Sophomore Blues

After 2008, the expectations were high for the EngiNERDs. Unfortunately, their
performance would not be nearly as exceptional as their rookie season, due to
unsuccessful design implementation and technical issues. At the Kettering
University District Competition, the NERDs finished with a record of 9-9-0,
and their alliance, including teams [1](/index.php/1 "1" ), The Juggernauts;
and [818](/index.php/818 "818" ), Steel Armadillos, was defeated in the
Semifinals. At the Lansing District Competition, the EngiNERDs finished 5-6-1
in qualification matches, but were not chosen for alliance selection after
continued problems with their robot hindered their performance. 2337's robot
continued to have problems at the Troy District Competition, from which the
team joke concerning the robot's "Battery Ejection System" was created. At the
competition 2337's record fell to 4-8-0. The EngiNERDs qualified for the
Michigan State Championship, but their robot woes continued to plague the
team, leading to a final record of 4-4-0, finishing the NERDs' season.

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: 2010 - A
Resurgance" )]

### 2010 - A Resurgance

For the 2010 season and the game Breakaway, Team 2337 hoped to leave their
2009 performance in the past, while improving upon the impressive record built
in their rookie season. After a hectic build season, the EngiNERDs produced a
robot with an elevation system almost unrivaled in its consistency. Soon they
became recognized for the sound nature of their system. At their first
competition, Kettering District, the EngiNERDs finished with a slightly better
record than their previous year's, going 10-5-2, though they were eliminated
in the semifinals to an alliance that included the defending and eventual
back-to-back World Champion, [67](/index.php/67 "67" ). The robot suffered
several communication and technical problems; however, there was a marked
improvement in their robot's play, especially in the contests on Saturday.

At the Ann Arbor District Competition, 2337 resolved many of their performance
issues. After the qualifications matches, the NERDs' record was 9-1-2. They
seeded 4th and were selected to the #2 alliance by Team [573](/index.php/573
"573" ), Mech Warriors, at which point the two teams picked Team
[66](/index.php/66 "66" ), The Flyers, to complete their alliance. After a
quick quarterfinals round, the NERDs' alliance participated in two very close
semifinal matches, contrasting the very wide margin of the third match.
Advancing to the finals for the first time that season, the EngiNERDs saw a
rematch with their semifinal opponents at Kettering, The Charge. After
exchanging wins, the Blue Alliance of 2337, 573, and 66 defeated the Red
Alliance of [830](/index.php/830 "830" ), Rat Pack; [2619](/index.php/2619
"2619" ), The Charge; and [2611](/index.php?title=2611&action=edit "2611" ),
Jacktown Vectors by a score of 8-7, leading to the EngiNERDs' first ever blue
banner . The EngiNERDs carried the momentum they gained at the Ann Arbor
District with them to the Michigan State Competition (MSC). During
qualifications matches, the EngiNERDs made a record of 7-3-2. The MSC played
host to the first suspension in Michigan when Team 2959, Robotarians, hung
themselves on the EngiNERDs' horizontal bar. Serving as the eighth alliance
captain, Team 2337 selected previous rivals [2619](/index.php/2619 "2619" ),
The Charge, and Team [226](/index.php/226 "226" ), The Hammerheads, but were
pitted against a tough #1 seeded alliance including top seed
[1918](/index.php?title=1918&action=edit "1918" ) and eventual Einstein
Finalist [469](/index.php/469 "469" ), whose robot is considered by most to be
the best in the world. The EngiNERDs and their alliance partners played
valiantly but fell in two close defeats.

For their second time in their three years, the EngiNERDs qualified for the
FIRST World Championship in Atlanta, Georgia and were again placed in the
Curie division. In qualifications matches, the EngiNERDs and their alliances
put together a record of 7-3-0. They were the first selection of the Fifth
ranked alliance, including alliance captain Team [1306](/index.php/1306 "1306"
), BadgerBOTS, and Team [624](/index.php/624 "624" ), Cryptonite, and in the
quarterfinals were pitted against an All-Michigan Alliance of Team
[27](/index.php/27 "27" ), Rush; Team [141](/index.php/141 "141" ), WoBot; and
Team [2612](/index.php?title=2612&action=edit "2612" ), the Waterford Mott
Destroyers. The quarterfinals began with a victory for 2337; however, this was
no forebear for things to come as their season ended with a tie and two losses
to that all-Michigan alliance.

The NERDs performed well in offseason play. They were semifinalists, with
teams [2619](/index.php/2619 "2619" ), Destroyers, and [201](/index.php/201
"201" ), FEDS, at the TARDEC Invitational (also Intelligent Ground Vehicle
Competition or IGVC, which played host to 3 different robotics competitions)
losing to the eventual champion #1 alliance. This also featured Team 2337's
second suspension of the year, with Team [2619](/index.php/2619 "2619" ), The
Charge. Next, they were the third overall pick and finalists at the [Michigan
Advanced Robotics
Competition](/index.php/Michigan_Advanced_Robotics_Competition "Michigan
Advanced Robotics Competition" ) (MARC), allied with Teams
[2834](/index.php?title=2834&action=edit "2834" ), the Bionic Barons;
[1732](/index.php/1732 "1732" ), the Hilltoppers; and [503](/index.php/503
"503" ), the Frog Force. At the [Indiana Robotics
Invitational](/index.php/Indiana_Robotics_Invitational "Indiana Robotics
Invitational" ), they finished seeded 13th with a qualifying record of 6-2-0.
Team [234](/index.php/234 "234" ), Host Team Cyber Blue, selected the NERDs
fourth overall (before Einstein Champion Alliance Captain [294](/index.php/294
"294" )). They were joined by Teams [71](/index.php/71 "71" ), Team Hammond,
and [16](/index.php/16 "16" ), the Baxter Bomb Squad. Despite a 2337-71
suspension in the deciding match, the EngiNERDs' #4 alliance fell in the
quarterfinals to an outstanding alliance headlined by fellow Michiganders and
Einstein Champions Team [67](/index.php/67 "67" ). At [Kettering
Kickoff](/index.php/Kettering_Kickoff "Kettering Kickoff" ), Team 2337 went
3-1-1, and finished the day ranked 9th. They proceeded to be picked third
overall by Team [217](/index.php/217 "217" ), the Thunderchickens, and were
then joined by Team [3401](/index.php?title=3401&action=edit "3401" ), the
Eagletrons. Cut short, they were eliminated in two matches by the dominant #6
alliance, comprised of captain [1243](/index.php/1243 "1243" ),
[2619](/index.php/2619 "2619" ), and final pick [494](/index.php/494 "494" ),
who continued to win the event.

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: 2011 - Life
is Iterative" )]

### 2011 - Life is Iterative

At the Week 1 Kettering District Competition, the EngiNERDs went 7-5-0 in
qualifications. They seeded 11th, but were selected fourth overall by Team
[302](/index.php/302 "302" ), the Dragons, and were later joined by Team
[3535](/index.php?title=3535&action=edit "3535" ), GalakTech. They reached the
semifinals after a tough 3-match quarterfinal round, but lost in two matches
to the #1 alliance. Kettering District was followed up by the most successful
event in Team 2337's history. Finishing qualifications 11-1-0, they seeded 1st
and selected Team [494](/index.php/494 "494" ), the Martians, and Team
[66](/index.php/66 "66" ), the Flyers. Romping through eliminations, they
emerged Champions, with a single loss due to a Team 66 red card. This was
followed up by the team's first ever Chairman's Award, on their first ever
submission.

In week five, 2337 was chosen to fill an open slot at the Troy District
Competition, giving an opportunity to compete in a third Michigan District
Competition. At a competition with many high-caliber teams, the EngiNERDs
entered as underdogs; however, a strong showing in qualifications left the
EngiNERDs with a record of 11-1-0, securing 1st seed. In the first round of
the draft, they chose Team [217](/index.php/217 "217" ), ThunderChickens, who
declined their selection. 2337 then selected Team [469](/index.php/469 "469"
), Las Guerrillas, who accepted the invitation, and, in the second round of
the draft, picked rookie Team [3548](/index.php?title=3548&action=edit "3548"
), Lamphere Battering Rams. After sweeps of the quarterfinals and semifinals,
the #1 alliance matched up against the formidable #3 alliance of
[1718](/index.php/1718 "1718" ), [3539](/index.php?title=3539&action=edit
"3539" ), and [2586](/index.php/2586 "2586" ), who had just eliminated a
powerhouse #2 alliance led by Teams [217](/index.php/217 "217" ) and
[33](/index.php/33 "33" ). In finals match one, 2337 and its alliance won by a
score of 119-84. In the following match, The blue alliance won by a score of
107-62, forcing a third match, which was won by the Red Alliance 106-84. At
the competition, the NERDs walked away with the Champion's trophy, the
Underwriter's Laboratories Safety Award, and the Excellence in Engineering
Award.

After two straight district wins in as many weeks, the EngiNERDs traveled to
the Michigan State Championship with high hopes. After qualifications matches
in Ypsilanti, the NERDs' record stood at 10-2-0, seeding 5th. During the
alliance selection, 3rd seeded Team [2137](/index.php/2137 "2137" ), TORC,
selected the EngiNERDs. Team 2337 declined, reserving their right to lead an
alliance as the fifth alliance captain. In the draft, 2337 selected Team
[1718](/index.php/1718 "1718" ), the Fighting Pi, their opponents just a week
prior, and Team [326](/index.php/326 "326" ). Unfortunately, the #4 eventual
State Championship Finalists alliance made up of Team [27](/index.php/27 "27"
), Team [245](/index.php/245 "245" ), and Team [1023](/index.php/1023 "1023" )
was too much to handle and the EngiNERDs were eliminated after the third match
of their Quarterfinals pairing. Fortunately, after the State Championship,
2337 had accumulated enough points to qualify as a Michigan Representative for
the Championship Event in St. Louis, MO.

In St. Louis, the NERDs found themselves playing on Galileo Field, where,
despite a tough schedule, they yielded eight wins in qualifications and an
8-2-0 record, seeding sixth overall. Again, the NERDs were selected third,
this time by [399](/index.php/399 "399" ), and again they declined. As the
sixth alliance captain, 2337 selected an all-Michigan-Alliance that included
[548](/index.php/548 "548" ), Robostangs, and [70](/index.php/70 "70" ), More
Martians. Unfortunately, that all-Michigan Alliance was dispatched by the #3
alliance in two matches, ending the EngiNERDs' season.

Team 2337 again found success in offseason competition. At the TARDEC
Invitational, they seeded 2nd and, allied with Teams [245](/index.php/245
"245" ) and [2834](/index.php?title=2834&action=edit "2834" ), emerged as
Champions. Then, at [MARC](/index.php/MARC "MARC" ), they seeded 7th, were
selected to the #3 alliance by Team [51](/index.php/51 "51" ), and were joined
by Teams [1918](/index.php?title=1918&action=edit "1918" ) and
[70](/index.php/70 "70" ), only to be eliminated in the semifinals by the
eventual Champion #2 alliance. Team 2337 accepted an invitation to their
second-ever [IRI](/index.php/IRI "IRI" ) and finished 5-4-0 in qualification
matches. Though seeded low, they were selected fifteenth overall to the #6
alliance of captains Team [11](/index.php/11 "11" ), MORT, Team
[1538](/index.php/1538 "1538" ), The Holy Cows, and Team
[1519](/index.php/1519 "1519" ), Mechanical Mayhem. Though they pulled an
upset win against the favorite #2 alliance and took the first semifinal match
against the #7 alliance, Team 2337 was knocked out after alliance partners
Team [1538](/index.php/1538 "1538" ) suffered a technical failure in the
second match and had to be replaced for the third, leading to two consequent
defeats and elimination from the competition. At the twelfth annual Kettering
Kickoff in September of 2011, the EngiNERDs seeded 2nd after a qualifications
record of 6-1. The 1st seeded Robostangs, Team [548](/index.php/548 "548" ),
selected the EngiNERDs to the #1 alliance and Team [326](/index.php/326 "326"
) rounded out the alliance. The #1 alliance swept its way to victory,
dispatching the #3 alliance of [1243](/index.php/1243 "1243" ),
[27](/index.php/27 "27" ), and [1684](/index.php?title=1684&action=edit "1684"
) in the finals, taking home the championship.

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: 2012 -
Future Plans" )]

### 2012 - Future Plans

Team 2337 plans to attend the Kettering District and Northville District
Competitions.

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Robots" )]

## Robots

[![Bullet Bill at the Detroit Regional](/media/thumb/5/57/2337robot2008.jpg
/180px-2337robot2008.jpg)](/index.php/Image:2337robot2008.jpg "Bullet Bill at
the Detroit Regional" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2337robot2008.jpg "Enlarge" )

Bullet Bill at the Detroit Regional

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: 2008 -
Bullet Bill" )]

### 2008 - Bullet Bill

  * This robot was made for [Overdrive](/index.php/Overdrive "Overdrive" )
  * Its design specifications were to pick up a ball, drive it to an overpass, then launch it over 
  * The launcher was merely a large pneumatic-driven hammer, generally known at 'Das Boot' 
  * This hammer also served to hold up a long bar to knock tubes off of the overpasses. 
  * The robot included a somewhat ineffective ball-pickup, but the robot improved dramatically as the year matured. 

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section: 2009 - Bad
Dream Machine \(Autobomb\)" )]

### 2009 - Bad Dream Machine (Autobomb)

[![The Bad Dream Machine at 2337's build
facility](/media/thumb/a/aa/Bad_Dream_Machine.jpg/200px-
Bad_Dream_Machine.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Bad_Dream_Machine.jpg "The Bad Dream
Machine at 2337's build facility" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Bad_Dream_Machine.jpg "Enlarge" )

The Bad Dream Machine at 2337's build facility

  * This robot was made for [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * The major design specifications were to pick up balls, be able to hold many of them, then shoot them out from various distances 
  * The robot made use of rollers to pick up balls, move them through an S-shaped 'hopper,' then finally push them into a roller-powered shooter that tossed the balls out 
  * A significant failing of the design on the robot was its battery slot, which, after experiencing issues retaining its payload at the Troy District Competition, was nicknamed the "Battery Ejection System" 

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=10 "Edit section: 2010 -
\(Robot was not named\)" )]

### 2010 - (Robot was not named)

[![She-Who-Was-Not-Named at MARC](/media/thumb/b/b3/2337robot2010.jpg/180px-
2337robot2010.jpg)](/index.php/Image:2337robot2010.jpg "She-Who-Was-Not-Named
at MARC" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2337robot2010.jpg "Enlarge" )

She-Who-Was-Not-Named at MARC

  * This robot was created for [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * The specifications for the robot were to hang at the end of the match, be able to suspend other robots, and score from the midfield 
  * The robot used a winch to swing two hooks that would catch the horizontal bar on the tower, then pull up the robot in about 4-5 seconds. This mechanism also included a cantilevered tower extension, onto which horizontal-bar-elevating robots could grab. This system was nicknamed everything from "Darth Elevator" to "Ca-chunk" (It made a characteristic, very loud noise when hitting the tower). It has been proven to hold well over 360 pounds. 
  * The ball manipulator consisted of a ball magnet (roller), a vacuum, and a latched spring-assisted kicker. The ball control was not optimal, but the kicker proved deadly from midfield.*This robot was unable to go over the bumps, and started all but one match in the midfield (The starting midfield robot was also a midfield specialist). 
  * A system to allow vertically elevating robots to suspend was debuted at Kettering Kickoff, but malfunctioned, not allowing Team 2337 to successfully elevate, due to lack of testing; however, it was successfully used after the event in two staged double vertical suspensions, with Teams [33](/index.php/33 "33" ) (twice), [27](/index.php/27 "27" ), and [1718](/index.php/1718 "1718" ). 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=11 "Edit section: 2011 -
\(Muhammad\) Ali" )]

### 2011 - (Muhammad) Ali

  * This robot was designed to play [Logomotion](/index.php/Logomotion "Logomotion" )
  * Design specifications included acquiring game pieces, protecting them inside the bumper perimeter, and scoring on any of the 18 alliance scoring pegs 
  * The gripper was made up of upper and lower members of differing lengths, which contained a belt system to secure tubes, as well as a pneumatic-controlled mechanism to drop the lower member of the jaw for effective release of game pieces 
  * The arm was designed to pivot on a single point and included a sliding pneumatic extension, allowing the entire arm to fit within starting configuration 
  * The arm also included an innovative ratcheting brake system that made unwanted back-driving impossible 
  * For the combination of the ratcheting brake system, the extending arm, and the opening active gripper, the team was awarded the Excellence in Engineering Award at the 2011 Troy District Competition 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=12 "Edit section:
Leadership" )]

## Leadership

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=13 "Edit section: History"
)]

### History

  * **Captains**
    * 2008 - Gage Hainer &amp; Matt Dearlove 
    * 2009 - Gage Hainer &amp; Eric Salem 
    * 2010 - Ryan Brancheau &amp; Rick Pease 
    * 2011 - Zach Orr &amp; Alex Mikolaizik 
    * 2012 - Zach Orr &amp; Emily Pease 
  * **Safety Captains**
    * 2008 - Kylie Nickola 
    * 2009 - Kylie Nickola/Eric Sandrock 
    * 2010 - Kylie Nickola/David Butler 
    * 2011 - Basel Alghanem 
    * 2012 - Jordan Nickola 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=14 "Edit section: Current
Mentors" )]

### Current Mentors

  * Clinton Bolinger - Head Mentor/Mechanical 
  * Brandi Bolinger - Head Mentor/P.R. 
  * John Boehnke - Mechanical 
  * Dave Bolinger - Mechanical 
  * Jen Brancheau - Public Relations 
  * George Grantz - Mechanical 
  * Greg Kray - Resident Structural Engineer 
  * Dan Mikolaizik - Mechanical 
  * Jody Nickola - School Liaison 
  * Dave Padgett - Mechanical/CAD 
  * Ed Ross - Mechanical 
  * Pam Salem - Safety/Awards 
  * Lauren Barriger - Public Relations (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * Eric Salem - Programming/Electrical (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * Rick Pease - Programming/Electrical (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * Robyn Thurston (junior mentor) 
  * Kylie Nickola - Safety (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * David Butler - Safety (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * Greg Leighton - Mechanical (alumnus junior mentor) 
  * Eric Bachman - CAD (alumnus junior mentor) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=15 "Edit section: Current
Section Leaders" )]

### Current Section Leaders

  * **Mechanical Section - Francisco Alfaro**
    * Chassis - Lauryn Watkoske 
    * Above Chassis - Alex Clarke 
    * End Effector/Manipulator - Jared Miles 
    * CAD - Michael Hasselbach 
  * **Electrical Section - Emily Pease**
    * Electrical Wiring - Emily Pease 
    * Sensor and Programing - John Mamish 
    * Operator Controls - Zac Polikarpus 
    * Autonomous - Zach Orr 
  * **Team Management Section**
    * Scouting - Zach Orr 
    * Photography - Unfilled 
    * Awards - Hannah McMurray 
    * Sponsorship - Unfilled 
    * Communications - Nicholas Alfaro 
    * Community Connections - Hannah McMurray 
    * Entrepreneurship - Unfilled 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=16 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

## Accomplishments

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=17 "Edit section: 2008" )]

### 2008

  * [Detroit Regional](/index.php/Detroit_Regional "Detroit Regional" ) \- Quarterfinalists 
  * [Detroit Regional](/index.php/Detroit_Regional "Detroit Regional" ) \- [Highest Rookie Seed Award](/index.php/Highest_Rookie_Seed_Award "Highest Rookie Seed Award" )
  * [Detroit Regional](/index.php/Detroit_Regional "Detroit Regional" ) \- [Rookie All-Star Award](/index.php/Rookie_All-Star_Award "Rookie All-Star Award" )
  * [West Michigan Regional](/index.php/West_Michigan_Regional "West Michigan Regional" ) \- Semifinalists 
  * [West Michigan Regional](/index.php/West_Michigan_Regional "West Michigan Regional" ) \- [Xerox Creativity Award](/index.php/Xerox_Creativity_Award "Xerox Creativity Award" )
  * [West Michigan Regional](/index.php/West_Michigan_Regional "West Michigan Regional" ) \- [Highest Rookie Seed Award](/index.php/Highest_Rookie_Seed_Award "Highest Rookie Seed Award" )
  * [The Championship Event](/index.php/The_Championship_Event "The Championship Event" ) \- Semifinalists 
  * [The Championship Event](/index.php/The_Championship_Event "The Championship Event" ) \- [Highest Rookie Seed Award](/index.php/Highest_Rookie_Seed_Award "Highest Rookie Seed Award" ) \- Curie Division 
  * _Ryan Masica wins $20,000 FIRST-Kettering Scholarship_

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=18 "Edit section: 2009" )]

### 2009

  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- Semifinalists 
  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- [Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award](/index.php/Underwriter%27s_Laboratories_Industrial_Safety_Award "Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award" )
  * [Michigan State Championship](/index.php/Michigan_State_Championship "Michigan State Championship" ) \- [Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award](/index.php/Underwriter%27s_Laboratories_Industrial_Safety_Award "Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award" )
  * _Gage Hainer &amp; Eric Salem win $20,000 FIRST-Kettering Scholarships_
  * _Eric Salem wins $25,000 Russell J. Ebeid ACCESS-Kettering Scholarship_

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=19 "Edit section: 2010" )]

### 2010

  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- Semifinalists 
  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- [Team Spirit Award](/index.php/Team_Spirit_Award "Team Spirit Award" )
  * [Ann Arbor District](/index.php/Ann_Arbor_District "Ann Arbor District" ) \- Champions 
  * [Ann Arbor District](/index.php/Ann_Arbor_District "Ann Arbor District" ) \- [Motorola Quality Award](/index.php/Motorola_Quality_Award "Motorola Quality Award" )
  * [Michigan State Championship](/index.php/Michigan_State_Championship "Michigan State Championship" ) \- Quarterfinalists 
  * [The Championship Event](/index.php/The_Championship_Event "The Championship Event" ) \- Divisional Quarterfinalists 
  * _Ryan Brancheau &amp; Rick Pease win $20,000 FIRST-Kettering Scholarships_

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=20 "Edit section: 2011" )]

### 2011

  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- Semifinalists 
  * [Ann Arbor District](/index.php/Ann_Arbor_District "Ann Arbor District" ) \- Champions 
  * [Ann Arbor District](/index.php/Ann_Arbor_District "Ann Arbor District" ) \- District [Chairman's Award](/index.php/Chairman%27s_Award "Chairman's Award" )
  * [Troy District](/index.php/Troy_District "Troy District" ) \- Champions 
  * [Troy District](/index.php/Troy_District "Troy District" ) \- [Excellence in Engineering Award](/index.php?title=Excellence_in_Engineering_Award&action=edit "Excellence in Engineering Award" )
  * [Troy District](/index.php/Troy_District "Troy District" ) \- [Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award](/index.php/Underwriter%27s_Laboratories_Industrial_Safety_Award "Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award" )
  * [Michigan State Championship](/index.php/Michigan_State_Championship "Michigan State Championship" ) \- Quarterfinalists 
  * [Michigan State Championship](/index.php/Michigan_State_Championship "Michigan State Championship" ) \- [Motorola Quality Award](/index.php/Motorola_Quality_Award "Motorola Quality Award" )
  * [The Championship Event](/index.php/The_Championship_Event "The Championship Event" ) \- Divisional Quarterfinalists 
  * [MARC](/index.php/MARC "MARC" ) \- Semifinalist 
  * TARDEC Intelligent Ground Vehicle Competition Invitational - Champion 
  * [Indiana Robotics Invitational](/index.php/Indiana_Robotics_Invitational "Indiana Robotics Invitational" ) \- Semifinalist 
  * [Kettering Kickoff](/index.php/Kettering_Kickoff "Kettering Kickoff" ) \- Champion 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=21 "Edit section: Sponsors"
)]

## Sponsors

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=22 "Edit section: 2008" )]

### 2008

  * FANUC Robotics 
  * The Chrysler Foundation 
  * Premier Tooling Systems 
  * Faurecia Automotive Seating 
  * General Motors 
  * Davison Tool and Engineering 
  * ABB 
  * Diversified Machine, Inc. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=23 "Edit section: 2009" )]

### 2009

  * The Chrysler Foundation 
  * Premier Tooling Systems 
  * General Motors 
  * Davison Tool &amp; Engineering, LLC 
  * FANUC Robotics 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=24 "Edit section: 2010" )]

### 2010

  * General Motors 
  * Premier Tooling Systems 
  * The Chrysler Foundation 
  * Robolytics 
  * Davison Tool &amp; Engineering, LLC 
  * Advanced Communications, Inc. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=25 "Edit section: 2011" )]

### 2011

  * General Motors 
  * Premier Tooling Systems 
  * Chrysler Foundation 
  * Davison Tool &amp; Engineering, LLC 
  * Grand Blanc Educational Foundation 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=26 "Edit section: 2012" )]

### 2012

  * General Motors 
  * Premier Tooling Systems 
  * Grand Blanc Educational Foundation 

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=27 "Edit section: Media" )]

## Media

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=28 "Edit section: Social
Media" )]

### Social Media

LINKS HERE

[[edit](/index.php?title=2337&action=edit&section=29 "Edit section: Video" )]

### Video

LINKS HERE

