# 1388

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1388&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1388&action=edit" )** this article.  
  
---|---  
Eagle Robotics  
---  
{{{image}}}  
Rookie Year: | 2004  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Arroyo Grande, CA  
School: | Arroyo Grande  
Approx. size: | 33  
Team Website: | <http://www.eaglerobotics.com/>  
[TBA page](http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=1388
"http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=1388" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 How We Started
    * 1.2 More About Eagle Robotics team 1388
  * 2 Community Involvement
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Accomplishments
  * 5 Sponsors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: History" )]

##  History

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: How We
Started" )]

###  How We Started

Eagle Robotics, [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) team 1388, consists of
students from [Arroyo Grande High School](http://www.luciamar.k12.ca.us/aghs
"http://www.luciamar.k12.ca.us/aghs" ) in Arroyo Grande, CA. The team was
founded in 2004 with help from Team 973 GRR, under the leadership of Mr.
[William Findley](/index.php/William_Findley "William Findley" ) who still is
the team leader.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: More About
Eagle Robotics team 1388" )]

###  More About Eagle Robotics team 1388

We have entered our fourth year as a USFIRST team. Our past three years have
been very successful. In our rookie year we attended the regional event held
in Sacramento; there we were awarded the "All Star Rookie Award". This award
was our ticket to the national event in Atlanta, Georgia. At this event we
worked our way to the top and won the title of Curie Division champions. Our
next year brought us victory in another way. After a few robot malfunctions at
the UC Davis regional we radically changed the design of our robot. Our
performance at the national event was not nearly as successful as our rookie
year, but our team was awarded the "Engineering Inspiration" award on behalf
of our outstanding community outreach events.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Community
Involvement" )]

##  Community Involvement

Eagle Robotics has been very active in the community promoting science and
engineering with various activities. The team developed an Annual Catapult
Pumpkin Launch Competition where teams design and build catapults to launch
pumpkins as far as they can. [[1]](http://www.eaglerobotics.com/images/gallery
2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=3190&g2_GALLERYSID=f6867f16bb807888
00e6a3d6073c0cf4/ "http://www.eaglerobotics.com/images/gallery2/main.php?g2_vi
ew=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=3190&g2_GALLERYSID=f6867f16bb80788800e6a3d6073c0cf4
/" )

The team has also linked up with our schools ASB and Link Crew to put together
a Cardboard Boat Regatta. By incorporating many FIRST rules and principles
into the game, we developed a successful challenge that many sought to enter.
Teams from all over the school set out to put together boats made from duct
tape and cardboard that would fit two people and have enough speed and
strength to race other boats across the school swimming pool. Many clubs and
classes entered as well as teachers and administrators. The first competition
was such a big success last year we have invited neighboring high schools to
join in on the event.

In 2005 the Jr. Eagle Robotics FIRST Lego League Team was created in our area.
Eagle Robotics has donated materials, resources and students to mentor the
younger team. Eagle Robotics eagerly helps the FLL team, since we know they
will be the next leaders of Eagle Robotics.
[[2]](http://www.ccbots.org/AllAmericanNerds/
"http://www.ccbots.org/AllAmericanNerds/" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Robots" )]

##  Robots

  * [2004 - Zippy](/index.php/1388_in_2004 "1388 in 2004" ) (Team Leader Marvin Byrd) 
  * [2005 - Sparky](/index.php?title=1388_in_2005&action=edit "1388 in 2005" ) (Team Leaders David Cruz/ Alice Grey) 
  * [2006 - Z^3](/index.php?title=1388_in_2006&action=edit "1388 in 2006" ) (Team Leaders David Cruz/ Alice Grey) 
  * [2007 - Lucky](/index.php?title=1388_in_2007&action=edit "1388 in 2007" ) (Team Leaders Garrett Tietz/ Bryan Quennell) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

##  Accomplishments

  * 2004 Sacramento Regional Competition Rookie All Star Award 
  * 2004 National Competition Curie Division Champions 
  * 2005 UC Davis Regional Competition Engineering Inspiration Award 
  * 2006 UC Davis Regional Competition Johnson &amp; Johnson Sportsmanship Award 
  * 2007 LA Regional Xerox Creativity Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Sponsors"
)]

##  Sponsors

This is the list of the sponsors of Eagle Robotics as of 01/19/07

  
**Platinum ($5000+):**

  
**Gold ($1000+):**

· Melfred Borzall, Inc. [[3]](http://www.melfredborzall.com/
"http://www.melfredborzall.com/" )

· SLO County Board of Supervisors

· PG&amp;E Campaign for Community

  
**Silver ($500+):**

· Roshan Technology Corporation

· Mike Hendricks

  
**Bronze ($250+):**

· Mr. and Mrs. Russel Gray

  
**Other Sponsors:**

· Dr. and Mrs. Everett D. Hendricks

· Mrs. Patricia Muhlethaler

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/1388>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=1388
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need to be
formatted](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_to_be_formatted
"Category:Articles that need to be formatted" ) |
[1388](/index.php?title=Category:1388&action=edit "Category:1388" ) | [Rookie
2004](/index.php/Category:Rookie_2004 "Category:Rookie 2004" ) |
[Teams](/index.php/Category:Teams "Category:Teams" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/1388)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:1388&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=1388&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=1388&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=1388)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/1388)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/1388)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=1388&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=1388&oldid=64841)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 14:35, 4 January 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 2,023 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

