# Talk:Knano knights

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Circle-question-red.svg.png/40px-600px-Circle-
question-red.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-Circle-question-red.svg.png "" )
| **This article or section reads like a personal reflection or essay and may
require cleanup.**  
Please [improve this article](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Kn
ano_knights&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=edit" ) by
rewriting this article or section in an encyclopedic style. **Talk Page**  
---|---  
  
This article needs to be **[cleaned up](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup
"FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )** to conform to a [higher
standard](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" ) of
quality.  
See [FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one
edit a page" ) and [Category:Help Pages](/index.php/Category:Help_Pages
"Category:Help Pages" ) for help, or this article's **talk page**.

[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights
&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=edit" )**
this article.  
  
---|---  
  
  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Concerns" )]

##  Concerns

I have a few questions about this article that I would like to bring up.

  * Is this an article for a team? (FLL?) There is very little indication of it. 
  * Is the bit about "What is FIRST?" really necessary? It seems like a redirect to the [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) article would be more appropriate. 
  * The article looks like a report that a team would use for the research part of competition. You might want to consider making it more encyclopedic. 
  * Also, the "Team's Favorite Websites" section should be removed as it is completely out of place and irrelevant to the FIRSTwiki. 

  
All and all, you have some good information, it just needs to be formatted
properly. I'd help you myself but this seems to be one of the articles that
FIRSTwiki won't let me edit for some reason (The dreaded edit glitch strikes
again; time to talk to a site admin). [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000
"User:Cbale2000" ) 21:10, 22 May 2007 (EDT)

  

* * *

Put any of your comments, problems, or concerns here. (Please do not delete
others writing.)

* * *

Anybody have ideas for the power puzzle?

    
    
                            -Derek
    

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Talk:Knano_knights>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Talk%3AKnano_knights
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRSTwiki articles needing style editing](/index.php?
title=Category:FIRSTwiki_articles_needing_style_editing&action=edit
"Category:FIRSTwiki articles needing style editing" ) |
[Cleanup](/index.php/Category:Cleanup "Category:Cleanup" ) | [Articles that
need to be formatted](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_to_be_formatted
"Category:Articles that need to be formatted" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Knano_knights)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Knano_knights)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Talk:Knano_knights)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Talk:Knano_knights)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Talk:Knano_knights)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Talk:Knano_knights&oldid=60605)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 01:12, 23 May 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 326 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

