# FIRST Tech Challenge

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [FVC](/index.php?title=FVC&redirect=no "FVC" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

[![FIRST Vex Logo](/media/1/1d/VEX_logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:VEX_logo.jpg
"FIRST Vex Logo" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or section](http://www.firstwiki.net/ind
ex.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit" )
by expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php/Talk:FIRST_Tech_Challenge "Talk:FIRST Tech Challenge" ) or at
[requests for expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion
"FIRSTwiki:Requests for expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  
The **FIRST Tech Challenge** (or **FTC**) is a robotics competition aimed at
middle school and high school ages. Due to the fact that participating in the
[FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) costs thousands of
dollars per year, FTC is a low-cost, portable alternative for schools. The
competition was renamed to FTC in 2007, it was previously known as the **FIRST
Vex Challenge** or **VTC**.

## Contents

  * 1 Origins of FVC
    * 1.1 Pilot Competition
  * 2 FIRST Vex Challenge
  * 3 See also
  * 4 External links  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Origins of FVC" )]

##  Origins of FVC

In 2003, [Innovation First, Inc.](/index.php/Innovation_First%2C_Inc.
"Innovation First, Inc." ) released their [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation
"Robovation" ) kits, the forerunner of the modern Vex kits. They utilized a
smaller version of the FIRST [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller
"Robot Controller" ), to facilitate in programming and building of full size
FIRST Robots.

In time, people realized that the Robovation kits would make for a cheaper
version of the [FIRST Robotic Competitions](/index.php/Regional "Regional" ).
Thus began the collaboration between
[RadioShack](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/RadioShack "wikipedia:RadioShack" )
and [Innovation First](/index.php/Innovation_First%2C_Inc. "Innovation First,
Inc." ) to upgrade the Robovation to a commercially viable robotic kit.

On April 17th, 2006, Innovation First announced their acquisition of the Vex
Robotics Design System brand name and trademark registrations from RadioShack
Corporation.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Pilot Competition" )]

###  Pilot Competition

In early 2005, the Vex Robotics website was unveiled. There was widespread
speculation about the new Vex robots, as the early teaser website had
references to FIRST. By March 2005, FIRST had announced a new pilot Vex
competition, open to 50 teams, to compete in a pilot Vex competition at the
Georgia Dome, during the 2005 FIRST [Championship
Event](/index.php/Championship_Event "Championship Event" ). There were 53 Vex
teams which competed in the pilot competition.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: FIRST Vex Challenge" )]

##  FIRST Vex Challenge

The FIRST Vex Challenge debuted in 2005 with the initial pilot season. A
second pilot season will be announced for 2005-06 in October 2005.

[Official FIRST Vex Challenge](http://www.usfirst.org/Vex/
"http://www.usfirst.org/Vex/" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: See also" )]

##  See also

  * [Kit of parts (Vex)](/index.php/Kit_of_parts_%28Vex%29 "Kit of parts \(Vex\)" )
  * [Index of events (Vex)](/index.php/Index_of_events_%28Vex%29 "Index of events \(Vex\)" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: External links" )]

##  External links

  * [Vex Robotics](http://www.vexrobotics.com/ "http://www.vexrobotics.com/" ) \- Official Website 
  * [FIRST Vex Challenge](http://www.usfirst.org/Vex/ "http://www.usfirst.org/Vex/" ) \- Official Website 
  * [Vex Labs](http://www.vexlabs.com/ "http://www.vexlabs.com/" ) \- Recently Acquired Vex from RadioShack 
  * [Vex Fan](http://www.vexfan.com/ "http://www.vexfan.com/" ) \- Unofficial Vex Forums 

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_Tech_Challenge>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_Tech_Challenge
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles to be
expanded](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_expanded "Category:Articles to be
expanded" ) | [FIRST Tech Challenge](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Tech_Challenge
"Category:FIRST Tech Challenge" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_Tech_Challenge)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:FIRST_Tech_Challenge)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_Tech_Challenge)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_Tech_Challenge)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_Tech_Challenge)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_Tech_Challenge&oldid=69058)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 04:09, 27 September 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 5,345 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

