As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:W041tursh

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 000 yuan
  * 2 he listed 16 at fault. March 21
  * 3 labor department
  * 4 dial in the past
  * 5 the police
  * 6 the incident that night
  * 7 has not succeeded.
  * 8 According to reports
  * 9 this official said
  * 10 to implementation of mandatory removal program
  * 11 and also an injection treatment.
  * 12 and such other small nursery in order to price increases.
  * 13 the the Mohicans man's hair is very special
  * 14 later with the ball."
  * 15 February this year
  * 16 Newspaper Roundup
  * 17 quietly hid the letter of acceptance
  * 18 and had cracked the kidnapping of the suspect Wu
  * 19 See Chen Bingyan elderly arrival
  * 20 they calmly said
  * 21 near the Jilin Chuanying North district
  * 22 " I not a bad person
  * 23 spent more than six months
  * 24 Li and wear through QQ chat understanding. In the video
  * 25 and the tears about to fall.
  * 26 a Guangzhuobangzi
  * 27 the case will be for sentencing.
  * 28 two staff men to lift down the stairs
  * 29 SINA Corporation All rights reserved
  * 30 Lee Sau who is less than five dollars
  * 31 once the fire brigade arrived
  * 32 close to 100 dollars.
  * 33 Tongling City
  * 34 his near-legendary life experience
  * 35 's atmosphere thick carbon dioxide
  * 36 and made notes. Continue to investigate the case.
  * 37 May 2008
  * 38 The brother picked up 3.5 million yuan worth of and Tian ret
  * 39 Development Zone
  * 40 have become commonplace.
  * 41 At 7 o'clock on December 9th
  * 42 facilities are extremely simple
  * 43 Man arm boiler stuck three days of self-amputation survival
  * 44 the trio lives without problems
  * 45 Adams Township
  * 46 Yang said
  * 47 on behalf of the points 1000 points
  * 48 Mother was the daughter torn textbooks let street kneeling O
  * 49 more than a few days around the school
  * 50 go there tomorrow. They found the illegal fake products
  * 51 but still higher than the actual age or some.
  * 52 the public security
  * 53 Qun behind what people cut is not clear.
  * 54 After the meal beaten
  * 55 urban management to more than a dozen people.
  * 56 her grandfather a year ago to find
  * 57 \- Learned Berson and his mother was born the same day
  * 58 do not know."
  * 59 there is no penetration
  * 60 Xu regret not cope.
  * 61 Zhang need to paste the money of nearly 700
  * 62 after graduation
  * 63 The "down payment about $ 180
  * 64 Fujian.
  * 65 Do you remember what your year to take the exam
  * 66 Yuzhong Committee Propaganda Department
  * 67 00 yesterday
  * 68 because his wife is sick
  * 69 The child admission for some reason continuous Hugh Park
  * 70 under the spur
  * 71 can not determine the white pills are not sleeping pills.
  * 72 Witnesses said Mr. Liu
  * 73 Paul missing anything tricky. "Mr. Zhang questioned.
  * 74 ​​reflection" and sentenced Kang to life imprisonment.
  * 75 Many people nearby heard a loud noise
  * 76 born on May 20
  * 77 Chen gang hand and "beheaded" Contact obtain Piaozi
  * 78 Xiong Lin said the window is open
  * 79 the hospital and the family of the deceased consultation
  * 80 'bang bang bang
  * 81 the mortality rate of more than 90%.
  * 82 a few guys pushing and frame
  * 83 the company will Zhongshi Hu posted to the Dubai office
  * 84 grandmother
  * 85 Chat rooms hair trick prostitution ads
  * 86 Cars into waiting two hours of no-cover well owners were res
  * 87 the offending car stepped on the gas to escape
  * 88 remedial work in progress.
  * 89 and the remainder shared equally by the Involved parents
  * 90 Woman trapped in the elevator when you want to climb out of
  * 91 saying it was the second generation of 3D glasses
  * 92 get off
  * 93 with dunkou branch composed Gongzuozhuanban
  * 94 Cheng Yuanming relatives and visit. March 17
  * 95 in case the bad guys in school beating
  * 96 in the media with the help of Lhasa and Beijing
  * 97 only to walk in the back ZHAO react
  * 98 the so-called buddy loyalty harm to them. At present
  * 99 a withdrawal of $ 30
  * 100 the "empty" touched with their own positive and optimistic
  * 101 or even two pregnancies. In this regard
  * 102 speeding away. To recover
  * 103 post online
  * 104 the police are to investigate the case.
  * 105 mother Liu Fangxun body every day
  * 106 rushed into the river again heart
  * 107 appeared in the case of asphyxia
  * 108 000 choice fees withheld by the "concealed"
  * 109 bumped passengers early 30s
  * 110 the real world of people moving
  * 111 is the day of Shaoxing and Hangzhou
  * 112 west bridgehead to see
  * 113 and often a fever. In August last year
  * 114 said Liu Xixiang quarreled frequently with colleagues
  * 115 " I tube set. "angry young man
  * 116 he had stopped breathing.
  * 117 Hutouhunao
  * 118 an interview with reporters say. Only responsible for sales
  * 119 this dog every day
  * 120 can no longer stay here
  * 121 Pengmou power cord with a hair dryer
  * 122 a middle-aged man surrounded by a bite of the man's face
  * 123 abetting
  * 124 Liu Chunlin received donations of 6.5 million
  * 125 National registered consulting engineer
  * 126 to go and deal with the people around." Jing said. 80
  * 127 Liwan District Guangfu Zhong 286 Guangfu Building  
---  
  

##  000 yuan

The same year on August 29, about 10 o'clock, by the serious "lessons
learned", Xu Friends of the pay information provided by Ma Zhongwei again by
Lihong Jia, Pan is known in the rental housing waiting Ma Zhongwei driving his
motorcycle reaching the victims of Mr. Chen withdrawals near the highway,
ready to collusion Xu Friends of pay, and Xu. pay to see Mr. Chen withdrawal
out ready to bag containing 22 million in cash into the open the vehicle
trunk,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), immediately to Mr. Chen's face even spray "self-defense Need, snatched the
bag quickly fled the scene. Succeed,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), the Xu Friends of the pay and Ma
Zhongwei first spoils, $ 5 million; second spoils back to the rental office,
Xu Friends of the pay gets 35,000 yuan, 45,000 yuan Ma Zhongwei share Lihong
Jia and Pan recognize 2 million .

After the announcement of the first instance verdict, the four defendants said
the service contract.

's Court on the case the first sentence,[ナイキ
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ),
robbery and snatch crimes concurrence of four robber sentenced to 12 years
imprisonment to life imprisonment. The Court also identified four robber
turned out to be a bank security. &lt;/p&gt;

Women's roar robber turned and ran

August 22, 2008, Xu You pay Mazhong Wei, Lihong Jia and Pan recognized after
premeditated Ma Zhongwei motorized Ma Zhongwei to provide information security
in the bank, pay by Lihong Jia and Xu Friends of driving, followed the victim
Ms. Lee to Qujing city the front door of Nanning Road, Agricultural Bank of
China, Xu You pay to Ms. Lee face jet "the best self-defense" (a kind of
captured the hearts of human medicine) For robbery of Ms. Lee, but Lee shouted
and did not succeed, then Xu. pay Lihong Jia and collusion in the vicinity
fled the scene.

■ victim recalled

After the court hearing,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), the defendant's respective
committing the crime plot, the first instance, to robbery and sentenced Xu
Friends of the payment of life imprisonment, deprivation of political rights
for life, confiscation of personal property of 50,000 yuan, to snatch the
crime and sentenced her to four years in prison, fined million, a life
imprisonment, confiscation of personal property $ 50,000, a fine of
10,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ),000 yuan; robbery and sentenced Ma
Zhongwei 14 years in prison and fined 40,000 yuan to grab the crime and
sentenced her to four years in prison, and fined $ 10,000,[burberry
soldes](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), decided to implement 16 years in prison and
fined 50,000 yuan; robbery and sentenced to Lihong Jia 14 years in prison and
fined 40,000 yuan to grab the crime and sentenced her to three years in
prison, and fined $ 10,000, decided to implement 15 years imprisonment and
fined 50,000 yuan; robbery and sentenced to Pan identified 10 years in prison
and fined 30,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ),000 yuan,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), to snatch the crime and sentenced her to three years
in prison, and fined 10,000 yuan, the implementation of decision 12 years in
prison and fined 40,000 yuan.

&lt;p&gt;According to the victim Ms. Lee, the 11 pm incident the same day, she
drove with his son to the bank to remove more than 130,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ),000 yuan in cash, bank-specific
bag filled with ready to drive to another nearby bank deposits. When she got
off to later from the place of deposit money banks as well as five or six
meters, suddenly a man with a liquid spray toward her face, face a very
uncomfortable feeling,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), she realized that was robbed on the
struggle shouted out, did not think the robbers were scared and turned to
leave.

Eight days to grab third twice failed

Lightest 12-year high of

August 27 the same year,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), 11 am, Xu Friends of the pay
information provided by Ma Zhongwei Xu. Pay to follow the victim Koo snatched
the bag containing cash of 10 million yuan, while it is not prepared
one,[franklin marshall pas cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), but to escape because seize the
clothes to be Koo, Xu Friends of pay in pushing the Koo fashion money bag was
to shake off, and then fled the scene to take advantage of the Koo Jianqian
machine and wait for collusion Lihong Jia.

Trial, Xu Friends of pay Pan recognized the Public Prosecution Service of the
Accusation and the fact that no opinion, but the Ma Zhongwei then argued that
by the of the abetting Xu Friends of pay, with the major meritorious
circumstances, request a lighter punishment.

The Court found that 8.29 bank robbery depositors murder case five days before
the time, four robber twice robbery, but did not succeed.

February 17 this year, procuratorial organs to Qujing City Intermediate
People's Court prosecution, accused of the crime the Xu Friends of pay and
other four people arrested for robbery, March 6, Qujing City Intermediate
People's Court held a public court session.

Related articles:

  * [corner 5 sewing needles was diagnosed](http://bbs.lvyizhen.com/forum-4-1.html "http://bbs.lvyizhen.com/forum-4-1.html" )
  * [the Reply to the divorce agreement owned by ex-wife's house to sell](http://202.116.160.89/Discuz6.0/viewthread.php?tid=167036&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1 "http://202.116.160.89/Discuz6.0/viewthread.php?tid=167036&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1" )
  * [I lost my balance](http://www.postingpayday.com/a-look-at-some-free-blog-scripts/ "http://www.postingpayday.com/a-look-at-some-free-blog-scripts/" )


##  he listed 16 at fault. March 21

Yan day "interview" is based on officially reported in the text is issued, as
long as possible,, should prior sent to us to see Yan has always been an
interview with the father reported the "gatekeeper" responsible for, but the
day do not have this Road procedure. &lt;/p&gt;

Exclusive articles Sina statement: the work (text, pictures, charts, and audio
and video) for Sina, unauthorized, and any media or individual is allowed in
whole or in part.

However, in late April, the white balance quickly by. At this point, Yan Chong
finally learned: Some people have "really". White balance 'error is no
dispute', 'even a child can be found' not 'respond',, but 'plead guilty', and
even mouth the curse,, we naturally do not care for him. "Yan day.

White level contests

The next day,, the second white balance Bowen, said: "Mr Yan Zhonghua and
expert care a little too trust the ... I read one day time, they found a lot
of doubt." This time, he listed 16 at fault. March 21, Baiping Bo off the
example 14. The evening of March 23,, white balance, Bowen said: "I'm so
conceived, 'singling out a mistake, bonus 1,000' reward commitment and
happiness has been so loud, Mr. Yan does not honor let him out all of a sudden
twenty thousand (Note: 20 wrong bonus) ... this amount of money a lot of money
off the fat, I have a lot of money in the long meat of this money, the key is
to public opinion, good show. Secondly,, I will be doing a disservice to
certainly can from the book he singled out two three hundred errors, I do not
try to explain,, are only available to him,, allowing him to eliminate out in
the revision of these errors. "

&lt;p&gt;"This is my personality does not respect the afternoon of March 24,
the white balance to" Zhonghua, please recall your inferior products "in the
title, published on a blog pick out the more than 200" wrong ". In May,, the
white balance to the Beijing Chaoyang District Court prosecution. "I hope Yan
Chong promises to pay 690,000 yuan reward (for the 690 error). Not to
prosecute, Mr. Yan received us quickly, I also publicly expressed handle
disputes in consultation with him, he did not respond. Go on the court is his
choice, not my intention. "white balance.

White balance are like celebrities pick the wrong " He had embarked on his
blog "Lecture Room" Yu Dan and Qian Wenzhong and so wrote a specialized
critical articles, he reasoned: "I am bullish temperament, eyes not red cloth
shake themselves through the media and clamor,, and fear of other people do
not know, so I know, know, can not be tolerated,, can be described as
Yuanjialuzhai. "

Why do not respond to

White balance to find phone of yanjia, "answered the lady, I explained to her
the subject matter, she gave me an e-mail address and I will be the main part
of the two picked the wrong article,, sent to her, and later give always do
not take her call; sent her text messages, and not returning; sent her an
e-mail, nor reason. "

Related articles:


##  labor department

Looking for part-time students please note! Hope that we proceed with caution.
Look at my experience of being cheated ... "To this end,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), many of the students cheated the deceived experience
to write with you" share "on the Internet,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), I hope to mention to other
students a reminder.

Analysis

5, signed a labor agreement. As a rule, to work even if the only dry day must
sign labor agreements with
recruiters,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), clear job content, working hours,
salary and salary payment period (usually day laborers pay period does not
exceed two weeks).

An election intermediary must look at the qualifications. Student work must be
qualified, reputable Job Center. Depends on the staffing agencies, labor
department, personnel department,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ),
the corresponding license issued by the business sector.

"Black intermediary" deceived him 80 yuan

6, cheated to report complaints. Seeking jobs, the students encountered in the
Job Center to provide false information or the employer partners,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), fraud, etc. Once you've mastered the conclusive
evidence that can be immediately reported to the authorities.

It is understood that,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), like such a charge the agency fee
or deposit "intermediary" in Changsha, a large number. Some intermediaries
also be obtained prior to the students that employers should pay part of the
agency fee, that is to find an employer to obtain employer. But to find an
employer within the foreseeable future, the original reply from a few days
"has become an empty phrase.

2, numerous deposit do not pay. The employer to charge the job seekers to
charge metal violations,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), detain the identity card, student
card is unreasonable. Job-seekers who encounter such a request should be
rejected, but also to the relevant authorities.

4, to avoid the high-paying trap. More favorable conditions, the higher the
salary, the more error-prone, because the sky will not fall. Faced with the
temptation of high-paying, college students to be cautious recognition.

In order to find good part-time work,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), some students are eyeing a
number of intermediary companies. However, the "black intermediary" to deceive
a large number of students in the ranks of day laborers.

According to reports, students part time position is not considered
employment, the establishment of labor relations can not sign labor contracts,
so that the provisions of Students of migrant workers is very unfavorable.
Students work rights and interests have been hurt, complained to the labor
inspection department, the department will come forward to coordinate, but the
labor inspection department,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), and will not take the
initiative to monitor such issues.

Students work to pay attention to six areas

's units to help. "Go to work every weekend, drained a book, the other to $
2000 reward." Sun Bin has not yet graduated, the "day laborers" both play to
their skills, but also to subsidize study costs. &lt;/p&gt;

In addition to weekend days in order to work, Sun Bin soak in the company,
also contacted several students to help work a hectic month later, finally
completed the arrangement of the book. Just as Sun Bin that you're done,[ナイキ
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), ready
to loose breath when the company suddenly told him, the book which appeared in
more than 20 technical errors, in accordance with the provisions of the
company in accordance with the standard of 120 yuan each place of punishment
execution, they worked hard for several weeks,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), not only earn money, anti-a sum of
400 yuan to the company. As the two sides had failed to conclude a written
labor contract, the right last only symbolic to give them a reward.

The labor department does not actively monitor the

Remind

3,[アディダス サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com"
), network information Do not be gullible. Recruitment information on the
network are mostly not "transparent" management sector regulation more
difficult. If students really want to find a job through the network, must be
on site visits.

&lt;p&gt;The work of university students has been infringed, it only tears to
the stomach pharynx May 24, the Changsha Municipal Labor and Social Security
Bureau to monitor detachment, surnamed Huang, vice captain said that the basis
of existing laws and regulations, students do not belong to the adjustment
range of the "Labor Law", the labor department in the college students working
rights aspects are still "Powerless". "If students need to protect their
interests, can be sued by the Civil Procedure Law. But to do so, the high
cost, slow, very worthwhile for college students."

Party members of the provincial Human Resources and Social Security
Department, the flow of talent service center director was Kun college
students to work phenomenon has long been concerned, he reminded the college
students to work during the holidays, six o'clock Note.

Related articles:

  * [explain the relevant person in charge of the liberation of elementary school](http://353677.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=44040 "http://353677.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=44040" )
  * [the lottery the next day](http://www.dapinjia.com/plus/view.php?aid=250047 "http://www.dapinjia.com/plus/view.php?aid=250047" )
  * [Wang Tianhao to contract fraud prosecution.](http://truecultheavymetal.com/blog6.php/2010/11/26/ "http://truecultheavymetal.com/blog6.php/2010/11/26/" )


##  dial in the past

That evening,[burberry soldes](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com
"http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), an over 40-year-old looks almost
as large as a man of my father wanted me to accompany singing "my hands on the
feet. I cried at him: your age and my father, you have pity on me, let me.
Moreover, you also have a wife and kids, if your daughter so what would you
think A young man, very angry, waving hit me a slap me on the sofa, how to
push, and push open.

About &gt;&gt;&gt; 6 days 6 nights non-human encounter: Guests alcoholism,
have a heart wants to die

The next noon, Xiaowen family rushed to the the Xiangtan yisuhe find. They
received Xiaowen phone again, but this number shows the plane of Changsha,
Xiaowen, said: "I went to Changsha,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), also met junior high school
classmate Jane, she introduced me to work here."

A group of men got drunk, let me accompany sat on the sofa. A man of my
backhand pressure on the sofa, to alcoholism in my
mouth,[ポロラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com "http://www.poloralphjp.com" ), I
was giddy, head hurts, then do not remember anything.

In the pull of that woman, I came next to the hotel room, there is also a
woman. She asked my name, family, age. Then let me pay 10 dollars to fill in a
form, I just bought a clothes money. She said, "that you go to the KTV, do not
pay." I said to them to go back to ask opinions of home, but they are not
allowed to go Duzhe me. I excuse the toilet bailing, they accompany me to
hobble around my shoulders. After using the toilet, put me into the elevator
in the elevator, I spaced them I frame to the door of a small car.

The next evening,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), an over 20-year-old young man came
in, asked me to sing. Him one to me into the bathroom, take off my clothes and
bully me, clutching my mouth. Biting his hand and ran out.

The afternoon of May 13, stumbled rack car

Guests as a punching bag, often on a beating. The fourth day, met a slightly
better guests. He look at me like, asked me if I cheated. Guests to borrow his
cell phone to send text messages I only remember the cousin's phone number,
and a worse number. I gave a fellow student sent a text message "I'm so
bitter, come save me". However, it has not received the reply of the students.
Later, I learned that the students cell phone shut down and receive
information.

Think of sister phone on May 18, contact the

In the afternoon of May 13, Waldo door a sub shop see a pretty dress, behind
the sudden there was under the clothes, a black woman crying "sister you are
looking for work." I flatly refused her. But she refused to give up, hard to
persuade me to take a look and do not like down on. "

May 16, a text message sent by the guest phone to the students, did not expect
students to phone stopped

A phone call to let the Xiaowen family more certainly Xiaowen cheated guess.
They think of the power of the network,[polo ralph lauren pas cher](http://www
.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ), 13 39 points, to be a friend when issued "the
Zhuzhou Waldo,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), young girls apparel market, the
door mysteriously missing" help posts, the Voices of the Forum and at the same
time leave rushed to Changsha.

5 days, I see a new "sister" phone number,[ナイキ
スニーカー](http://www.japansneaker.com "http://www.japansneaker.com" ), with my
cousin, only a thin one, and finally think of the number of cousin. I take the
opportunity at a time when only two of us, secretly told her that I do not
have clothes to wear,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), sister borrow her phone to send a message
to the cousin to send the clothes over.

&lt;p&gt;May 17 to alcoholism, have a heart wants to die

3 o'clock on the afternoon of May 13, Xiaowen took 100 yuan in cash, Waldo
Fashion City said he was going to buy clothes. Xiaowen this go like a vacuum
evaporated.

May 19, the boss brought me to Changsha call deliberately said in Changsha

Looking for &gt;&gt;&gt; 16-year-old girl mysteriously disappeared &lt;/p&gt;

A tight, small ultra-heart immediately with a phone call back the number of
the Xiaowen hair SMS. Answered the phone Xiaowen the phone, she still insisted
that he had a very good work in Xiangtan called the Lotus Club KTV. Super just
like to ask the specific location of the KTV, the Xiaowen suddenly hung up,
dial in the past, the phone has been shut down.

That "sister" the phone to me the latter out of the toilet a. Cousin received
information Call me back immediately, I just say which box, the girl came in,
I quickly hung up.

The post appeared, it immediately sparked the forum much attention.

May 18th, Xiaowen cousin super suddenly received an Xiaowen SMS, "sister, I
wen sister, I am getting along very well, do not worry me, help me to send
some clothes over. Small ultra dare not call bursts of 3 messages asked where
Xiaowen. Xiaowen back to SMS a strange one,[franklin marshall pas
cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), "I will go home, you is not know
I'm missing something." I can not tell you, I'm afraid. "

Xiaowen Shaodong a small village a 16-year-old girl, parents are working in
Guangxi. She had to study in a vocational high school in Shaoyang, drop out
came to to Zhuzhou do clothing business uncle home in the beginning of the
year, to help Kandian.

Nearly raped in the evening of May 14

Successfully recovered

They said that KTV in Zhuzhou Hexi. Later I learned that in Xiangtan yisuhe.
Out of the car was getting dark when we at a place called "** Love KTV, I was
taken to a" Lotus House "sub-box.

The boss took me to Changsha, find a public phone to call home, intentionally,
let me say to do things a restaurant in Changsha in Changsha met a fellow
student. My first a phone call my mother, she was one that my phone started to
cry. But I dare not tell my mother the truth, afraid that she was worried.
Then I hit a phone call to my cousin, boss around, I had to compile a lie to
deceive her husband, they do not need to worry.

Wake up the next morning, waist, back, legs, everywhere pain, walking walking
instability, feeling the body not own. I just want to die,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), was dead once and for all, will
not be bullied,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and will not be beaten. I could not bear to
families, and reluctant to parents.

Got off the phone, the boss brought me back to Xiangtan. May know my family
and you the media are looking for someone, the test told me that she went to
Zhuzhou, and asked if I wanted to back. I want to go, I want to see my mother,
my boss took me thrown cousin downstairs.

Internet for help

The evening of May 15, I said the same age as you and my father, he not miss
me

We prepared to leave, Mr. Li suddenly received Zhuzhou two aunt phone,
"Xiaowen home but her mood is very unstable,[アディダス
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), are
not willing to say!"

Related articles:

  * [6 month-old children to English early education class tuition on a million](http://drinkspecials.com/profile.php?user=faiuyo6808&v=comments "http://drinkspecials.com/profile.php?user=faiuyo6808&v=comments" )
  * [The court did not pronounce the case.](http://usefulproductsreviewed.com/tips-for-gaining-new-readers-as-a-writer/ "http://usefulproductsreviewed.com/tips-for-gaining-new-readers-as-a-writer/" )
  * [fire engines have been to it three times](http://www.egovlab.ase.ro/ecommunity/pg/blog/read/184551/as-for-the-fire-hydrant-water "http://www.egovlab.ase.ro/ecommunity/pg/blog/read/184551/as-for-the-fire-hydrant-water" )


##  the police

's license. "I do not know that he had no driver's license." Guo Miao
accountable, it was already
dark,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), the truck did not open the headlights,
side mirror knocked down the old Liu head, resulting in tragedy. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Road,[polo ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ),
from childhood to escape to avoid the surveillance video, and familiar with
the terrain Guo Miao driving the next day,[アディダス
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), Chen
Song buy window glass in an attempt to destroy evidence of a crime.

September 8, the police, according to the clues provided by his cousin Chen
Song, smooth vehicle was seized. In hiding for seven days, Chen Song,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), killed
their own people's behavior is deeply self-blame, the afternoon of September
8, accompanied by his family,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), Chen Song came to the traffic
police force, the initiative to explain the accident process.

Woods not far from a construction site,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com
"http://www.poloralphjp.com" ), Chen Song hungry, to the construction site buy
lunch. During the day he squatted in the corn field at night to spend the
night in the car lorry. In this way, Chen Song, in possession of five days and
nights in the cornfields.

Chen Song to drive to a farther away from the highway, rural woods behind the
pedestrian standing on the roadside can not see very subtle.

Finally cracked the case,[polo ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ),
Chen Song suspicion of Traffic Accident escape crime,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ),
criminal detention,[ナイキ スニーカー](http://www.japansneaker.com
"http://www.japansneaker.com" ), Guo Miao help Chen Song car fled the scene to
destroy evidence of a crime,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ),
failure to report, etc.,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), suspected of harboring crime,[ナイキ
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), will
also be subject to legal punishment.

Related articles:

  * ['s family rushed to the scene of his body shipped back](http://www.ml141.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7410&extra= "http://www.ml141.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7410&extra=" )
  * [Xu Yong](http://453777.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7994 "http://453777.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7994" )
  * [has the responsibility to each other to see a doctor](http://honeywiki.zavinagi.org/index.php/User:Sfhis76zlk#has_the_responsibility_to_each_other_to_see_a_doctor "http://honeywiki.zavinagi.org/index.php/User:Sfhis76zlk#has_the_responsibility_to_each_other_to_see_a_doctor" )


##  the incident that night

Pm, on the 29th and Ryu finally get through to his wife's phone. In a man's
voice came over the phone,[ナイキ サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), "Your wife is in my hands tomorrow, ready
money, paid their dues to release, remember, and not to alarm! or to kill your
wife did not wait for Mr. Liu come to understand, the phone cut
off,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), the call is still shut down.

3:00 pm, are the visits of the task force investigation, Mr. Liu received a
phone call from the wife said: "I have been several men abducted to the South
Second Ring Road in a house, just taken from my card for 3500 yuan, which only
then I put, being a taxi to go back to see the police quickly rushed to the
agreed place with Mr. Liu, Liu's wife and kindly taxi driver.

Kidnappers got 3500 yuan to release hostages

As a major case, Xinhua Branch immediately set up a task force to full
detection of the case. The task force in three columns, all the way home route
along the Liu's wife find clues to understand the situation all the way to the
three waitresses, the other all the way police conducted a search for the
center to the incident to. Speaking, according to Liu, his wife every day
10:00 ride a bike to Union Road, the bike there are near the intersection,
then take a bus to get fast-food restaurants, the 21:00 bus back, and then
cycling home.

According to the right of a (male, 29 years old, flat Hermit, unemployed)
accountable, he usually worked in a construction team, lazy, but want to make
big money. Even chat with the object that open fast-food restaurants female
boss was very wealthy,[アディダス サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), so has mustered three Hirayama fellow
premeditated kidnapping. In order to evade punishment, a right to ran to the
positive definite, etc. to work, thought a month after the wind has passed,
they creep back to the rental place,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), did not expect or be caught.

Lazy premeditated kidnapping

Liu's wife told police about her that night in the Union Road station under
the bus,[franklin marshall pas cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), take the car to the parking lot
for bicycles. An alley mouth, emitting three men, she was forcibly pushed the
car, and then the van looming to the west line on Thailand and China Street,
they turned the corner of North Second Ring Road go west. Gone about half an
hour, the van stopped in a village in the South Second Ring. "A 'bald'
man,[franklin marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), and that white clothes men,
either side of the sandwiched me, brought me into a courtyard on the second
floor of a house." Mr. Liu said his wife, "did not wait for my husband to
raise money, they took my bank Picasso to
go,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), and forced me to say the
password, they then looked at me and the other two go to the cashier,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), said
by telephone and 3,500 yuan. Then they put me with the street put. "

&lt;p&gt;Pit for several days to seize the kidnappers

'ah' sound,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), and then hang up the phone, call
off the computer. "Mr. Liu then drove his wife's fast-food restaurants, and
saw the door closed. Called to ask three waitresses, were closed after 9:00 pm
to go home separately. &lt;/p&gt;

According to the right to an account of the police task force decisive attack,
North Station, a cyber cafe suspects Han (Male, 18 years old, flat Hermit)
captured.

At present, the two suspects had been under criminal detention, the other two
men were online pursuit.

After investigation,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), the incident that night, his wife
does is take the bus back home, the bike is kept in place, people look at cars
and did not take the bike to see his wife Liu. The police analysis of Liu's
wife must be under the bus after being kidnapped. 3 waitress did not find any
other abnormality, usually the wife of Liu did not have financial disputes or
start a feud with others. The task force analysis this should be with the
mercenary kidnappings.

October 10, the police all the way to the retrieval of the surveillance video
of the bank teller machine, grasp the suspect's physical characteristics and
withdrawals. The way the police found the van owners. According to the owners
introduced on September 28, a right to surnamed To account on the grounds, and
rent his car. The right to a case of major suspects, and obtained the right to
a rental in Stone City. The police task force then the secret Dunshou the
right to a rental to nearly a month later, on October 29,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), squatting police found that the
right to a residence to sneak into the Garden District, quickly uniforms.

The police task force and his party arrived at the place of detention of Liu's
wife, is a dilapidated houses,[burberry soldes](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), but
the people have no clue to a halt.

Related articles:

  * [At present](http://cnweichen.com/viewthread.php?tid=751&extra= "http://cnweichen.com/viewthread.php?tid=751&extra=" )
  * [ Progress](http://55s5.com/thread-52868-1-1.html "http://55s5.com/thread-52868-1-1.html" )
  * [green belt leaves out non-stop down](http://www.yy75365.xzhu.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=995&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=12942 "http://www.yy75365.xzhu.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=995&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=12942" )


##  has not succeeded.

One hundred meters to find the remains of the cliff

Wine on the table, Shaomou only drank beer, while Zhang's husband to
alcoholism, drinking seventy-two liquor. Subsequently, both of them riding a
motorcycle to the front of the Yegang, eat several strings barbecue. 23:00
minutes, Shao proposed play Cisse mountains.

June 11,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), in order to further lock the evidence, Ezhou City
Echeng Public Security Bureau deputy director of. Xiong Wenbin led the police
escorted the Shaomou drove Huangshi City, Cisse Mountain Scenic Area. In a
hanging "danger zone Do not close the brand, is a cliff facing the Yangtze
River, the steep hill in vitro turbulence is rolling in the Yangtze River.

At the trial, Shaomou also said that: he missed the the Wusi wife had suicide
jump. But the police found, Shaomou especially emphasized this detail, it
seems to cover up anything. Moreover, the results of the survey is simply does
not exist in this situation. Legend is the husband of his mistress Zhang also
missing due to extramarital affairs murder cases begin to emerge.

Mistress confessed lover Butcher's Wife

Lock evidence

June 12,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), due to the difficult terrain here, Ezhou
City police organized the remains of nearly 50 people to look for the special
class. A team of people in the support of the Huangshi Yangtze River police
station by boat from the water to the cliff climbing search; another team of
people in support of Ezhou City Fire Brigade hanging down from the cliff
search. From early morning to afternoon, after more than seven hours of
searching, finally found in more than 180 meters away from the surface of the
river cliff on the crevice of the body.

&lt;p&gt;It is understood that the Municipal Public Security Bureau of Ezhou,
Echeng branch quickly set up in charge of the Criminal Investigation deputy
director Wang and clear headed the PUC relevant departments, the Bureau of
Criminal Investigation, Yan Angeles police station more than 40 people,
consisting of special classes.

Her husband confessed to accidentally Murder

Zhang refers to the card lover Shaomou kill her husband, but the good
psychological quality Shaomou start that do not know the situation, saying
only that know likely to go out to work at. Later, Shaomou Discovering
minded,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), actually the willing to be frank, but see Zhang
side.

Deliberately

The shady

After her husband was killed, an easy Zhang also Shaomou one million debt she
owed, and then went out. Shaomou promised to pay back the
money,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), said Zhang life. Unexpectedly, Zhang
said: "You can not over it with two wives " At this point,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), irrational Shaomou assurance: will certainly be
his wife settle.

At present, the case is still under trial.

June 5 to 9 pm, after trial, Shaomou account for two consecutive days because
of a trivial quarrel with his wife, angry wife Wusi quilts in missed. But the
police found: Shaomou an aluminum alloy processing plant opened in the
adjacent township, business is good, but does not have much money to take
home, life style is not good. Otherwise reflect the villagers in the village:
Shaomou a lover Women Zhang and her husband have two months to disappear. The
external call of the peasant women work outside the home, he moved suddenly,
and who do not know gone.

Class room show of affection

Zhang, 36-year-old, looks quite a bit of beauty, living with Shaomou the same
village, she confessed, both two years ago developed into lovers. Time, Zhang
sitting the Shao lift to Echeng to go. A few days, Shao about Zhang to Echeng
play. Unexpectedly, Shao generously gave her 200 yuan to buy things. A few
days later, Shao again with Zhang to Echeng a mall to buy a 1000 gold ring.
Encounter such a generous boss, Zhang was very fond of. Day, they went to the
riverside a hostel open room.

Be afraid to subject led

The original, the peasant woman Lee the husband Shaomou and a woman of the
same village Zhang adultery. The two stay together for long car actually
moving within. Subsequently, Shaomou one after another to kill the same
pillow, and his mistress's husband; seeing succeed, he was found one of the
doubts ...

Lame

This is with the original cases. The Ezhou a peasant woman and her husband
after an argument, drink some pesticide and died. But in funeral encoffining,
her family found in the body of the deceased new injuries, which opened two
murder triggered with extramarital affairs. &lt;/p&gt;

Yan Angeles police station rushed to the scene to understand the situation
that: On the afternoon of June 1, deceased Li Meilan killed by ingesting
pesticide to commit suicide due to household chores. In accordance with local
customs, should be buried on the 4th. However, Departures, her parents found
the dead body injuries. Brother of the deceased to her parents at first strong
requirements of the forensic autopsy, and then go back soon; Li Meilan's son
does not agree to an autopsy.

On the afternoon of June 4, Ezhou City Echeng Public Security Bureau, Yan
Angeles police station received a report, said: Yan Angeles town car, Hu
Village, a 48-year-old woman died, her parents families to help prepare for
their funeral, and in-laws had a dispute.

After that meeting, Shaomou request to Yellowstone to buy lychee
back,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), and then he looked at his
mistress Zhang a a eat,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), he Caigan Xin.
Zhang,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com "http://www.poloralphjp.com" ),
repeatedly raised in Yellowstone buy lychee her to eat, too busy, has not
succeeded.

Unscrupulous

In the evening of April 22 this year, Zhang's husband Shaomou once again about
to go drink and chat to Yellowstone. Previously, he was about Guo Zhang and
her husband to drink, ready to do, but has not succeeded. That night, the two
a night market in Huangshi Port Tanqian point of vegetables and a
broth,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), and also ordered a bottle of
beer and a bottle of Yellowstone Daye pure grain alcohol.

At this point, the weather was hot, the river transpiration, hot wet Cross,
police were trapped from the waterway climb the cliff beside the body.
Huangshi City Fire Brigade Secret Service Brigade sent a chemical warfare
suits and insecticidal menace of sprays, the Kurau Criminal Investigation
Squadron Echeng Branch Instructor Deng Chuanjun four hanging down, sent water
to the parched comrades and prepare packing items of the body . Finally,[polo
ralph lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), the police of the police and the
cliffs of the cliff together the body to pull up Dengzhuan Bin is to play his
rock climbing skills all the way to escort the body little by little, pull up
again. After seven hours of hardship search and thrilling five hours hanging
fishing, the remains of the deceased Shaomou were successfully salvaged and
sent to the Ezhou City funeral parlor, the evidence is finally final
confirmation.

The same day, the police intentionally or unintentionally, told Shaomou
mistress Zhang has been for him out of the psychological defense of Shaomou
This complete collapse.

Soon,[burberry soldes](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www
.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), Zhang's husband know his wife and others to
an improper relationship, for which they often quarreled. On one occasion,
drink alone in her husband at home, Zhang urged him not to drink so much
alcohol, too much wine out of chaos, then. Husband anger, said: "you say, I
took you upstairs, pushed down his death, Shaomou move" that the circumstances
of Murder.

Up the hill after the two back to back, sitting on the riverside a boulder,
while smoking chat. Shaomou suddenly sideways, Zhang and her husband Yang
down. Shaomou then took the opportunity with both hands tight card to his
neck. About 56 minutes after the Shaomou was let go with a belt tight around
his neck Le ... He then in turn Zhang and her husband pushed off a cliff. That
night, Shaomou rushed to meet with Zhang, and report the "good news". After
hearing the news, the mistress Zhang personally fetch water, feet to Shaomou.

Given the inconsistency in the relatives of the deceased have attitude and
different opinions, it is interesting, and the cause of death in doubt a lot.
The police investigation quickly, forensic also then the bodies of preliminary
dead table test, to exclude the possibility of suicide by ingesting pesticide.
Dead nails black, typical symptoms of suffocation and death. Deceased husband
Shao Lianggui suspected of committing the crime, the police then submitted to
protect their personal safety grounds away.

Time the past two months, the body is a high degree of corruption. Around
around, that is swirling all over the thorns of bushes and lianas, wasps and
mosquitoes.

The Cisse mountains dynamic Murder

The police were responsible for the investigation visited for five days almost
stationed in the village, and seized a large number of new clues. June 10, the
case has been significant progress. Perhaps under the powerful offensive of
the public security organs and the pressure of public opinion, and Yan Rocky
town car Wu Tsuen villagers Zhang entered the police station,[polo ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), surrendered, saying Shaomou her
husband killed in Yellowstone Xisaishan. The police investigators say, Zhang
and her husband killed her lover Shaomou, fear of being implicated, then went
to Yan Angeles police station to explain the situation.

The Yao death of the peasant woman there is a new injury

According to police, Lee's family strongly urge the autopsy, Shao Lianggui had
knelt down begging: he and his wife after an argument, and move the hand and
wounded his wife. Later, Lee take things too hard they Yao committed suicide.
He asks for son's sake, let him, can not let his son no mother and no father.

Zhang said her husband alcohol can not afford to support the family,
occasionally in Shaomou to temporary employment of the aluminum alloy
processing plant opened. Relative than Zhang's heart not only bias capable
generous Shaomou of to. Since then, careful Shaomou also lover Zhang bought a
cell phone; sheets often call this phone with other men, To this end, the Shao
angry and throw a few phone, her phone number for a few a.

Related articles:

  * [and surgery.](http://entreprelearnial.com/index.php?title=User:Nihaoz4u3#and_surgery. "http://entreprelearnial.com/index.php?title=User:Nihaoz4u3#and_surgery." )
  * [Under the laws of Britain and other countries](http://www.xsjp.com.cn/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=65 "http://www.xsjp.com.cn/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=65" )
  * [and also refused to talk about compensation](http://cms.engl.iastate.edu/help/index.php/User:W720adqsh#and_also_refused_to_talk_about_compensation "http://cms.engl.iastate.edu/help/index.php/User:W720adqsh#and_also_refused_to_talk_about_compensation" )


##  According to reports

Smith said,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com
"http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), he was back in 1952 on the
initiation of the idea of ​​crossing the Atlantic,[franklin marshall pas
cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), but did not take place more than
50 years. Five years ago,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinpascheree.com "http://www.louboutinpascheree.com" ),
was 79-year-old Smith, published in the newspaper ads to solicit three crew
willing to work with him across the Atlantic,[スパイク
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ),
advertising,[アディダス サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), wrote: "the dream of rowing across the
Atlantic it Famous traveler to seek the three crew members must be retired
elderly With only true adventure. "In the end, David Heald Ryder, a 57-year-
old civil engineer and marine yacht manufacturer is selected. Call occupied
the other crew members, 56-year-old Andy Ban Brigitte is a good friend of
David, an experienced sailor. The three crew members is 61-year-old Robin
Baiteqiele, he is a hot-air balloon adventurer.

Two years ago, Smith is unfortunate in a car accident by a truck knocked
down,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), doctors are forced to be
implanted in the thigh he was severing the metal
nails,[ポロラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com "http://www.poloralphjp.com" ),
after which he can only rely on the help of a crutch to walk. Recently,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ),
Smith decided to take a plastic gas pipeline to create the trachea boat a few
months later, accompanied by three crew starting from the Spanish Canary
Islands, to fight cross the 2800 miles in just 60 days rowing width of the
Atlantic Ocean. &lt;/p&gt;

Smith and his three crew members intend starting in January next
year,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com "http://www.poloralphjp.com" ), when
the Atlantic trade winds wind is strongest,[burberry soldes](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), and
least likely to encounter the storm of the Atlantic. During the transatlantic
ship "trachea ship" will be very noticeable, because Smith said: "during the
voyage, we will be hoisted on board a huge 'elderly crossing the teams' logo!"
If Smith really can 60 days to complete the feat of rowing across the
Atlantic, will undoubtedly create a new transatlantic oldest player of World
Records. Goro

Recruited three retired old man when the crew

&lt;p&gt;12 m long plastic gas pipeline to build a boat

According to reports, Smith crossed the Atlantic aboard the trachea ship
"called" An-tiki ", is a manufacturer donated the 12-meter-long plastic gas
pipeline components crafted. The trachea ship "at both ends of the pipe is
full of air and sealed can the trachea ship to provide adequate buoyancy to
the middle of the trachea ship pipeline will be stored drinking water and
ballast to prevent the hull capsized. In addition,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinpascheree.com "http://www.louboutinpascheree.com" ),
the board also made two simple cabin converted pig
shed,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), four crew members can rest and sleep
in them. In order to ensure the safety of the the trachea ship around built
parapet, to prevent the crew accidentally crashed into the sea.

Related articles:

  * [tasks and training objectives](http://www.cuantuaner.com/ucenter/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=48552 "http://www.cuantuaner.com/ucenter/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=48552" )
  * [74 years old](http://bbs.hgzhiai.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=1665&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=12525 "http://bbs.hgzhiai.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=1665&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=12525" )
  * [her first walk on the west side of the car crash](http://entre-mecs.ca/events_view.php?eid=32553 "http://entre-mecs.ca/events_view.php?eid=32553" )


##  this official said

Superior Bureau of Water Resources ,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" )

The person in charge of discipline inspection departments have conducted a
preliminary investigation on the matter, the judiciary has to intervene to
find out that Mr Lee "economic problems", but the decision has not yet come
out,[ポロラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com "http://www.poloralphjp.com" ), the
Municipal Water Conservancy Bureau concerns and urge the handle to charge
workers fees the issue.

This practice "absolutely not"

"This is absolutely not allowed." The official said the country to start the
water pipe system reform, one of the aims is to improve the difficult part of
the water conservancy workers living situation,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), "will never allow the
opportunity to collect the money to the workers." Repay the pension insurance
and medical insurance funds statement, this official said, a considerable
portion of the arrears of pension and medical insurance should be borne by the
unit, "individuals need to pay money directly from individuals to assume . "

The Zhao Jieshao,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), employees were called "water pipe
reform" refers to the water conservancy project management system. This is the
countries to increase agriculture and water conservancy efforts to support the
launch of an initiative,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), the province started in
2005,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), this reform. Reform which, in
part self-supporting the poor for staff to become full by the local finance
for is called "preparation" issue. &lt;/p&gt;

"Indeed,[ナイキ サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), each received 20,000 yuan." Zhao Xingui
formalities need money, the examination is the Bureau of Personnel
organization,[polo ralph lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), to pay the Kao Wufei;
competition for the job file to the talent exchange centers to implement the
personnel agency, to pay agency fees; more important,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), because the unit recession,
perennial arrears of employee medical insurance, pension arrears from 1994 so
far,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), changed the preparation had to pay this
cost accounts for a significant proportion. "Sum to a single income,
unrealistic, and too much trouble, and later the bureau a unity of thinking,
convened and opened will meet the candidate for the job conditions of
staff,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), was not a trade union to challenge.

Vigorously pursue this matter in September last year, Mr Lee took office. On
January 7 this year, the Government of Ruzhou below approved the
implementation of the reform program of the city's water pipes, and late in
the month, the organization of written tests, interviews by the end of April
were approved staffing. "Is actually 74 people,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), by the end of June, these workers
began to formally receive the full wages for retirees pay card has been issued
to hand, the whole course of reform should be said that the more
satisfactory." The Zhao Xingui said.

The Zhao Xingui said the restructuring is mainly when Mr Lee presided over,
but now Mr Lee out of trouble because of personal problems, the bureau has not
the Secretary, "Mr Lee have results The money will certainly be regarded as
clearly and plainly. Duotuishaobu ". Zhao said that the money is not Mr Lee's
personal behavior, after the office will agree, the final will pay workers an
explanation.

Related articles:

  * [Chang 25 bus top out thirty-four meters](http://drmicrodis.microdis-eu.be/node/179507 "http://drmicrodis.microdis-eu.be/node/179507" )
  * [From 10 years ago](http://www.disjunktion.com/content/manman-huasheng-station-message-some-friends-questioned-reply "http://www.disjunktion.com/content/manman-huasheng-station-message-some-friends-questioned-reply" )
  * [deputy director of a few days did not come to work.](http://www.huidabbs.com/thread-310228-1-1.html "http://www.huidabbs.com/thread-310228-1-1.html" )


##  to implementation of mandatory removal program

&lt;p&gt;

,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" )

&lt;p&gt; The town government stressed:

The lawyers said that in accordance with the law, such as the land has formal
transfer to the relevant unit,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), and has also achieved the state
to sell the land use permits,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), the relevant units to the court
to resolve the dispute in order to prosecute. Rather than take the forced
demolition of the illegal program.

Housing experience "illegal demolitions"

Parties to complaints:

Lawyer to talk about a personal point of view:

Xiao Tang said the forced removal of about ten days before they received a
"notice" a cover carbatex town government seal, on the one hand,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), gold loud "illegal occupation of
the land of flowers and market,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphjp.com
"http://www.poloralphjp.com" ), on the other hand,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), said To force the removal of
this notice,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), first identified as illegal occupation of
land,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), that to come up with the legal
formalities of land acquisition before the flowers market; to implementation
of mandatory removal
program,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), not your town government the
final say I think it should be by the administrative law enforcement
department or the courts to notify the right I doubt the legitimacy of this
notice.

Enforcement procedures suspected illegal

Gold loud forced demolition of houses in the town in summer the river,[アディダス
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ),
carbatex flowers market edge. The gold loud,[air jordan pas cher](http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), had been
planting a living, and in planting the field next to his and his wife shelter
shelter.

's home and planted flowers and trees have been the departments bulldozed
carbatex town. 68-year-old Golden loud in the land bulldozed to fend for
themselves after complaints to the newspaper, questioned carbatex the town
government in the removal action is not performed in accordance with legal
procedures. , Carbatex town government has repeatedly stressed that gold loud
residence is "illegal" construction. &lt;/p&gt;

It is reported that they received only a formal instrument issued by the
government of this town, "notice". Xiao Tang said that during the land
acquisition to build in the flowers market,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), gold
loud one did not receive any payment by the expropriation party land
compensation and other compensation costs.

His house is illegal buildings

Related articles:

  * [find a project.](http://beg.by/director-wang-looked-surprised "http://beg.by/director-wang-looked-surprised" )
  * [the school official said](http://nervousdteam.fr/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1 "http://nervousdteam.fr/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1" )
  * [Hospitalized for observation discharged three days later](http://maizhancn.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=19961 "http://maizhancn.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=19961" )


##  and also an injection treatment.

's young people to learn from their valuable spiritual. The four college
students took over the chest wearing a big red in recognition of certificates
and prizes. It is understood that Wang and Liu Kang were due to exposure to
cold,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), and also an injection
treatment.&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [ Ordinary workers by the charity praised](http://tfdown.sourceforge.net/viewthread.php?tid=251870&extra= "http://tfdown.sourceforge.net/viewthread.php?tid=251870&extra=" )
  * ["at least 3 meters to 4.5 meters long tail"](http://www.haida-expo.com/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis90zrg.showtopic.15552.html "http://www.haida-expo.com/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis90zrg.showtopic.15552.html" )
  * [the current monthly income is only more than 500 yuan](http://bbs.88ul.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=491342&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=24358 "http://bbs.88ul.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=491342&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=24358" )


##  and such other small nursery in order to price increases.

&lt;p&gt;Frequent prices of nursery, parents lodge complaints

However, the police did not deny that matter and kindergartens prices related
to disputes.

It is understood that Mr. Chen family's
nursery,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), compared to the scale of several
other kindergarten larger. Person in charge of several kindergarten together
to find Mr. Chen asked him to increase the fees,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), and such other small nursery in order to price
increases.

However, such a request last was the refusal of Mr. Chen. "I think the
kindergarten tuition fees should be approved by the relevant departments to
approve the job privately chaos tune the price is definitely not right." Mr.
Chen recalled, refused the requirements of the colleagues, who angrily left
very angry.

38 at about 23 the night of August 31,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), monitoring a black Elantra
sedan,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), and stopped in front of the
kindergarten. First,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), from the car down to 3 people check
out the location. Can vaguely see the video, which a human female. 3 people
through the gate closed the iron gate inside looked OK there is no one after
you return the car.

&lt;p&gt; There is an unnamed parents said that their children can not enter
public kindergarten, and had to enroll in some of the more standardized
management of private kindergartens,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), and
how fees and charges, the how much,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), all nursery managers have the
final say.

Whether such a wicked thing to whomever, Chen said that before the results of
the investigation in the police, he did not utter. Mr. Chen said, never knot
over who complain, but was splashed with red paint,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), is also open kindergarten peers
had been to kindergarten enrollment tuition things to discuss with him.
&lt;/p&gt;

About a few minutes, a group of people, a total of eight, with a few bucket,
on the side of the hands of one person took a machete,[franklin marshall pas
cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), two
men,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
each carrying a watermelon knife. Near 12 o'clock, one of them holding a
hammer,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), knock and drop it on the lock on the iron
gate, but several times without success.

Video surveillance,[franklin marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), recording poured paint the whole
process

"Those people that is also near a kindergarten, they think that the prices of
other local kindergarten side of the kindergarten 'unity' up prices." Chen
said.

It is unable to break into a few people bring buckets of paint on the ground,
from the paint according to the kindergarten door and walls poured, poured
after the leave.

Related articles:

  * [After the injection](http://homefromthefeds.com/blogs/posts/W101qiush "http://homefromthefeds.com/blogs/posts/W101qiush" )
  * [put the female children to pull their own homes](http://www.taikua.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=63596 "http://www.taikua.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=63596" )
  * [all of the operating funds are network "Baccarat" phagocytosis.](http://www.dedaloconsultores.com/GrupoDedalo/index.php?topic=79774.msg205307#msg205307 "http://www.dedaloconsultores.com/GrupoDedalo/index.php?topic=79774.msg205307#msg205307" )


##  the the Mohicans man's hair is very special

Jiangning Ladies

Leakage of large fish

These four men were taken to the police station, unwilling to cooperate with
the police investigation. But that night around 11:34,[アディダス
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ),
police station, community police received the alarm, saying Jiangning People's
Hospital emergency room with disputes. The police rushed to the hospital the
police, in the mediation of disputes, there are four body with multiple stab
wounds, the young man was taken to the hospital to, they were covered in
blood, of which 3 of them are very heavy, dying from lack of blood .

"Mohicans" head in the end is what the head

End

The matter may be the case, police analyzed the causes of this case is not so
simple "trick" behind there may not yet known.

Massacre the origin of "Mohawk" haircut

Informed sources said that the cases the cause is because Zhao a group of four
people have left the hair of the "Mohicans". Allegedly involved in the fight
the other night to play in that disco. That night Zhao came to the disco,[polo
ralph lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), because their side "Mohicans"
haircut too "well sculpted" gang "haunted
live,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), someone scolded him:" Boy, you mix
where ah I quite put your hair Well, also know Who are we "Then, also by hand
to fondle each other trendy hairstyle, the two sides have red eyes,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), each
gathered the manpower disco door Ceguo Road platform at the" pendulum wherever
he goes, "a murder case this occurs.

Incident disco near bloodstained

Do not grabbed the hair

The four men were stabbed and severely wounded three people dying

Gang fights both sides can muster more than 10 people a short period of time,
"Ge" is also a party to carry a knife, start again so hard, we have reason to
believe that behind the case is not simple. Whether it is begun to take the
the triad prototype street punks incident, or between two Mafia gang fights
"Ge" Is what I may also be behind other brother I believe that with the
deepening of the police investigation,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), the
truth will soon get to the bottom. We can not just stare at Mohicans head, put
the case behind the big fish.

Personal injury is very serious, the police then they transferred to Nanjing
First Hospital for emergency treatment. At 0:50 on May 19,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), the injury is relatively light
one-person rescue,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), injured four people have been out
of danger. Upon inquiry, the police learned that the four and some friends
that night dance a disco in the Ladies, "Ge" man in conflict with a
nickname,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), after each other with a knife stabbed. A
description of the victim stabbed the physical characteristics of the people
who, the police found the rush of four people being arrested, previously
covered with blood,[franklin marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), a person's name Jiaozhao × Long,
nicknamed "Ge". After Tushen,[franklin marshall pas
cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), then, Zhao × Long admitted with a
knife stabbed the facts of the crime.

's Hospital &lt;/p&gt;

Yesterday, 12:00

&lt;p&gt;Dongshan police station

According to the police, at 1:30 on the
19th,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), finally found in the original
Jiangning District Real Estate Board in front of the green belt criminals
attack the tools of crime. This is a length of more than 10 cm folding dagger,
Zhao × Long discarded in this escape. Zhao, per capita has been under criminal
detention. According to reports, four people, headed by Zhao 24 years old, the
remaining three were 21 or 22 years,
Zhao,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), and one from Henan, and the remaining two from Anhui.

Yesterday afternoon,

"Mohicans" is a branch of the North American Indians, the the Mohicans man's
hair is very special, head on both sides of the bare, middle hair curled up
like a horse's mane. 2000 European Cup, Beckham keep the "Mohawk" hairstyle
came to the stadium, cause for concern, and caused many fans to follow.

Related articles:

  * [all right](http://www.xxbbs.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=268833 "http://www.xxbbs.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=268833" )
  * [donation frequency is not too high](http://www.develop-your.com/Article%20Direct/misc/donation-frequency-is-not-too-high.html?preview=1 "http://www.develop-your.com/Article%20Direct/misc/donation-frequency-is-not-too-high.html?preview=1" )
  * [when a day spent 13](http://ucenterhome.92ysa.com/space.php?uid=135879&do=blog&id=240050 "http://ucenterhome.92ysa.com/space.php?uid=135879&do=blog&id=240050" )


##  later with the ball."

Small and Zhang respond to inspiration from the network burst red "World Cup
house rules and then combined with their own practical situation. ,[louboutin
pas cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" )

's 'traffic rules' are only temporary plan,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), I intend starting this
year,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), his girlfriend culture as
fans,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www
.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), later with the ball." &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For the World Cup house rules,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ),
Fuzhou fans some very wise,[アディダス サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), said to make it clear in advance,[ナイキ
スニーカー](http://www.japansneaker.com "http://www.japansneaker.com" ), can be
"peace" Fore; some fans are too harsh for watching the World Cup,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), many
restrictions not necessary,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), such stringent
requirements for their other half ,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), only two do not. "

Related articles:

  * [but shorts middle-aged man came](http://www.premiermindset.com/turnkey/blog.php?user=nihaoz4z0&blogentry_id=146598 "http://www.premiermindset.com/turnkey/blog.php?user=nihaoz4z0&blogentry_id=146598" )
  * [it is already 10](http://project.myvirtualteams.com/highway/members/home "http://project.myvirtualteams.com/highway/members/home" )
  * [police asked the elderly first look at the injuries](http://techblizz.com/2010/advancement-of-web-hosting-and-its-other-features/ "http://techblizz.com/2010/advancement-of-web-hosting-and-its-other-features/" )


##  February this year

Web Editor: Kong Xiangwei

Su Xuezhi: a full 13 years,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), my
heart has been subjected to the torment. Moreover,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), the feelings
between me and Guangrong already with the passage of time
vanished,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and I take revenge for her
husband ...

Su Xuezhi confirmed to prosecutors, the daughter of two young his father
died,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), she tolerate the pain, and cruel
killing of her husband's murderer to live with a full 13 years.
Today,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), two daughters grown up,[ナイキ
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), and
she and the Guangrong between the feelings of already vanished,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), was determined to do so.

's two daughters have been adults, and have been married. &lt;/p&gt;

Su Xuezhi: I was a moment of weakness,[polo ralph lauren pas cher](http://www
.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ), only to fornication, and he (the murderer
Guangrong) also implicated my husband lost their lives, it is I regret ...

&lt;p&gt;February this year, I feel unworthy of her husband's Su Xuezhi
thinking a long time,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), finally found the courage to call the
eldest daughter has been married to Wuxi, to let his daughter will be the real
situation of the incident told Fengjie County
police,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), and explain the eldest daughter
rushed to the Hebei Jizhou to help the police will Guangrong arrested.
Subsequently,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), Su Xuezhi surrendered to police.

News face to face

The Su Xuezhi: I do not have money to feed a pair of her daughter, all these
years had to and he (Guangrong) Gouqietousheng,[burberry soldes](http://www
.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ),.

"I do not want to no longer be conscience torment"

Related articles:

  * [a nightmare journey](http://arche-humanus.org/blogs/12486/117094/a-whole-24-hours "http://arche-humanus.org/blogs/12486/117094/a-whole-24-hours" )
  * [cosmetic surgery costs about 17](http://spitters.de/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/416142 "http://spitters.de/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/416142" )
  * [30 the evening of 3](http://xinguanren.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=57097 "http://xinguanren.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=57097" )


##  Newspaper Roundup

Friends "drunken laughter the Red ら": "bright moon according to the
capital,[louboutin](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), old and useless dreams v.
truth,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), hand in hand repair was a hundred years,
happy shock of ancient and modern flowers and little water star, Baifa Xian
wife suffering non-stop,[franklin marshall pas
cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), ring the price of love is
priceless,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com
"http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), Enenaiai go down. "

Users have mixed feelings here as affectionate

'll see you holding it,[burberry soldes](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" )!"
Another counter lady came and took the elderly in the hands of drip bottle.
The old man a free hand to help his wife to pick a ring. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Hand in hand through the greater part of the couple's story touched
the hearts of countless people softest parts.

Friends, "Amber": "I can think of the most romantic thing, and you grow old
with. Only see the back,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), but I can
imagine them happy smile. True Love Is Hard to Find,[ナイキ
スニーカー](http://www.japansneaker.com "http://www.japansneaker.com" ), sincere
blessing for the elderly happy."

This time around has gathered together a large group of people, we look
forward to the eyes, the old man to take off the ring, gently worn on the ring
finger of his wife,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), then painfully holding this
hand,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), it has been pain and suffering
weight loss.

Netizen "Ertrertrer": "uncle bought is not a diamond ring, is happy,[louboutin
pas cher](http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com
"http://www.francelouboutinpascherc.com" ), you know what

"Seeing the smile returning to Uncle Aunt true value!" Take pictures for the
elderly in the side of busy nurses hearts feel a burst of returning to the
warmth.

Friends,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), "almost perfect -": "If I can meet good people died
for me so willing."

His wife like a child smile the face overflowing with happiness the face of
crowds silence broke into a smile,[franklin
marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), some even to the verge of tears.

Newspaper Roundup

Related articles:

  * ['s Court](http://toneku.com/viewthread.php?tid=86225&extra= "http://toneku.com/viewthread.php?tid=86225&extra=" )
  * [she took a small Doina recurrence deterioration](http://xn--onqu75bcvap11j.iziyou.com/viewthread.php?tid=831915&extra= "http://xn--onqu75bcvap11j.iziyou.com/viewthread.php?tid=831915&extra=" )
  * ["to participate in activities to show self-confidence." Han Han said](http://www.syney.net/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=54002&extra= "http://www.syney.net/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=54002&extra=" )


##  quietly hid the letter of acceptance

​​and school principal,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), accompanied by Zhang Yinghua Car
Rental came to the door of the Rizhao Vocational and Technical College with
his mother. 10:40, enrollment registration and information entry,[louboutin
pas cher](http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.louboutinlouboutinpaschera.com" ), she officially became the
school of the accounting profession - students. ZHANG Ying-hua and his mother
rented housing - between villages in the vicinity of schools. &lt;/p&gt;

Zhang Yinghua college entrance examination score is 513 points,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), received the acceptance letter
sent by the Rizhao Vocational and Technical College,[air jordan](http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), taking into
account the mother paralyzed in bed and just turned 10-year-old
brother,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), quietly hid the letter of
acceptance, select local - home small food factory to earn money to support
their families.

However, Zhang Yinghua was admitted to the University of the message or pass
out. Chang'an joint principal of her elementary school alma mater Yishui
County Yishui town contributions to the teachers and students of the then
military organizations more than 2000 yuan. Zhang Yinghua town where the
village is their home for subsistence allowances. At present, the
contributions of the community has reached 15,[ナイキ
スニーカー](http://www.japansneaker.com "http://www.japansneaker.com" ),000 yuan.
Introduced in the then military Zhang Yinghua's younger brother is also very
sensible,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and saw her sister all day long worked hard
for the family,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), and even want to drop out of school to
help the sister.

&lt;p&gt;Zhang Yinghua, who lives in Yishui County, Linyi City,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), the Yishui town of a large pear line village. Zhang
Yinghua mother working outside in the winter of early 2008 - the day,[franklin
marshall pas cher](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), the sudden stroke, from -
straight lying in bed,[アディダス サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), life can not take care of themselves.
Earlier this year,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), bad luck again came the death of
her father a heart attack. The burden to maintain the family livelihood, the
pressure to Zhang Yinghua who are on the high school senior.

Related articles:

  * [The police car driver](http://www.kinpu.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=136452&extra= "http://www.kinpu.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=136452&extra=" )
  * [Xie said that the open road](http://www.haolvshi.us/blog/article.php?type=blog&cid=7&itemid=32533 "http://www.haolvshi.us/blog/article.php?type=blog&cid=7&itemid=32533" )
  * [Larry Link](http://www.mindevents.com.hk/twl/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=2140550&extra= "http://www.mindevents.com.hk/twl/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=2140550&extra=" )


##  and had cracked the kidnapping of the suspect Wu

,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" )&lt;p&gt;The case is under further investigation.

After the rescue of hostages by the Security,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), another group
of police in Henan immediate action in at 17:40 on July 9th,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the
other co-suspects (male,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), 28-year-old Sichuanese) arrested and
brought to justice,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), the success uncovered this terrible
kidnapping for ransom case.

'an a district security rescued the kidnapped pupils Cao Moumou,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), and had cracked the kidnapping of
the suspect Wu (male,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignekfr.com" ), 28 years old,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), the people of Hainan).
&lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [but so far have no children](http://fgdsac.com/plus/view.php?aid=29253 "http://fgdsac.com/plus/view.php?aid=29253" )
  * [2010 at 7 pm](http://www.friends2talk2.com/modules/boonex/blogs/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&post_id=45474 "http://www.friends2talk2.com/modules/boonex/blogs/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&post_id=45474" )
  * [and he was in a good mood](http://playascartel2.com/members/home "http://playascartel2.com/members/home" )


##  See Chen Bingyan elderly arrival

,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com" )&lt;p&gt;

See Chen Bingyan elderly arrival,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), he aided the children have went to the
front,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), a little girl deliberately painting a card
given to him,[franklin marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" ), "Chen Grandpa,[polo ralph lauren
pas cher](http://www.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ), thank you,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.france-poloralphlaurenpaschere.com "http://www.france-
poloralphlaurenpaschere.com" ), after showing great
promise,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), I would like like you to help
others. "

2000, Fuxin County investment has been a modicum of success in the long-
distance passenger Chen Bingyan Fuxin County to nur town lines and 42 bus
buyout, start a new venture. Money,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), he immediately thought of
building Hope Primary School. Nur town of Pali village is a poor
village,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefrance.com" ), the premises become
dangerous,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), not lessons on the school, 172 students how to do
Know the news, Chen Bingyan will be 50,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ),000 yuan to send in the past.
Since 2001,[ナイキ サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), Chen Bingyan has been built in the Fuxin
County, 9 Hope Primary School. &lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [ Ma see get money](http://bbs.dalixdsy.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=15232&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=181835 "http://bbs.dalixdsy.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=15232&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=181835" )
  * [in a quarrel](http://home.jnnc.com/space.php?uid=428807&do=blog&id=51426 "http://home.jnnc.com/space.php?uid=428807&do=blog&id=51426" )
  * [Middle of girls score](http://csitsh.com/csitbbs/boke.asp?sfhis96lyf.showtopic.137623.html "http://csitsh.com/csitbbs/boke.asp?sfhis96lyf.showtopic.137623.html" )


##  they calmly said

"Private media" have self-interest, self-control

Throughout the afternoon, many of the office concerned with Zhao Tingjing
America and Chen blue 'unto the door' event. ", Whether to take the initiative
to look at or passive look, yesterday, microblogging this emerging
dissemination platform really allow many users witnessed had a" collar "of The
sturdy ".

Xiao San: love waiting in the wings touch

Although the first is with a crowd mentality, this "scandalous," talking
about, but netizens found to have a problem simply not avoid, that is, parties
in the end has a kind of mentality to do such publicity. "Was originally a
family privacy, but spread everywhere, is not hype it " How coincidence, they
have opened a microblogging Two parties on the microblogging talk about this
matter Report fight free hair microblogging "

Husband: Chen blue

Ziyang, who pencil Economic Research and Social Council, 1996, graduated from
Peking University Department of International Politics, Youth and economists.

On the scandal, the statement points: 1 @ love waiting for an opportunity to
touch people is a gift God has given me, I used to find the half-time
favorite, if she is willing to give me a chance, I will give her the most
complete happiness. @ love waiting for an opportunity to touch people live in
my house last night, but we did not have sexual relations,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.louboutinpascheree.com "http://www.louboutinpascheree.com" ),
I'm not gigolos. On the contrary, this expenditure is in assuming that the
house is to use my money to buy 4, and @ Zhaoting Jing America has trouble to
divorce one year. "

Her microblogging profile revealed that she is also a pencil economic research
agency.

Professional painters. Was born in the 1970s, Urumqi, Xinjiang.

Wife: Zhao Tingjing America

"Unto" event,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), at the same time, to enter the
interactive encyclopedia entry, called "micro-blog 'wife had' and 'small c'
pinch frame events will know",[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), the entry of events and the
three parties one by one introduced.

Drying privacy now people how

"Thank you for the support of the crowd! Nothing to see here. Friends please
do not delay their work."

Family problems should be resolved in your own home on the web can only become
a tragedy. "Collar fight, such a solution to constituents, most will not be a
good result." Personal affair,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalet.com" ), spread micro- Bo, there is actually so
many Internet users out of the onlookers,[burberry pas cher](http://www.fr-
burberrysoldespascherb.com "http://www.fr-burberrysoldespascherb.com" ), Jiao
Shetou, and shoot the brick, the citizens 'sense of justice' really strange.
"more spread to the back, users reflect on flavor is more
concentrated,[franklin marshall](http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com
"http://www.franklinmarshallpascherb.com" )," microblogging can be used to do
can be used to unto it, too sad. "

Police station to do a record. "

Microblogging "unto the door,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" )," staged at 4 pm, a site listing
channel dedicated author "microblogging unto continued: the most suitable
Chen,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.louboutinpascheree.com
"http://www.louboutinpascheree.com" ), blue, Xu × × the small 3 room", The
article said that "because of the small three at home having an affair. actor
by netizens message irony 'can not afford housing even open room no money',
also known as "three of the marriage bed is too crowded, the marriage of three
people is a cup." and subsequently launched five sets of properties. Users
questioned, Is microblogging "unto the door" is the site plotted,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.com" ), or a real estate company to launch a
small three-bedroom rally

's bra, clothing and chaos in the room said: 'Beijing Chen blue', 'to see how
everything in a half.'" &lt;/p&gt;

"I caught raped in the bed, they calmly said: Can you me how I am extremely
collapse ..."

@ Love to wait for an opportunity to touch people from your clothing and daily
necessities of view, you is not enough money to a woman, but even so I would
advise you not to because of this and beggars. Must find a reliable man,[アディダス
サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com "http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ),
obviously, Chen blue is not the material conditions of his commitment to you,
must be for me to back him to achieve, do you think this may be "

Qiqing Yan Liu Pu

A website is actually the opportunity to launch a small three-bedroom

Microblogging strong unto them and unto those inner monologue on the
microblogging eye beads people should fall. "Everyone has a microblogging,
everyone has a platform, which under the blessing not fun. "

Parties to introduce

"Just a fight, I simply can not beat @ Beijing Chen blue."

Stunning, not only his wife unauthorized use of microblogging, the husband is
also not forget the microblogging position. After the incident, the husband
Chan blue "very calm" bursts of a few:

&lt;p&gt;Parties against each other,[スパイク サッカー](http://www.spikesoccershop.com
"http://www.spikesoccershop.com" ), coupled with evidence of a friend,[polo
ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurenpascherdfr.com" ), unto them, domestic violence,
economic disputes full and complete privacy, "scandalous," and the eyelids of
the hundreds of thousands or even millions of users, microblogging and other
emerging media-obsessed, exposure sub-under, and they talk of the day, can be
described as microblogging since the birth of a great spectacle.

Related articles:

  * [ It is understood that after the incident](http://www.nakuz.com/home/space.php?uid=989805&do=blog&id=1017587 "http://www.nakuz.com/home/space.php?uid=989805&do=blog&id=1017587" )
  * [Chen Batui before fleeing. Passing vehicles](http://www.cloudsurfing.com/site/1660-B2evolution/profile/ "http://www.cloudsurfing.com/site/1660-B2evolution/profile/" )
  * [although not beating](http://wiki.taptica.com/index.php/User:%C2%BD%C3%B1%C3%88%C3%95%C3%8C%C3%98%C2%BC%C3%9B7#although_not_beating "http://wiki.taptica.com/index.php/User:%C2%BD%C3%B1%C3%88%C3%95%C3%8C%C3%98%C2%BC%C3%9B7#although_not_beating" )


##  near the Jilin Chuanying North district

In early September 2010,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), near the Jilin Chuanying North
district,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), a 30-year-old woman was robbed.

&lt;p&gt;The end of August,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), 2010 from 9:00 to 10:00,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), Jilin Chuanying Guanghua
road,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), four men armed with knives robbed a victim
in cash of more than 2,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ),000 yuan.

'clock,[michael kors outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), Changyi
District,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), building stone within the district,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), a 50-year-old woman by two men stole
gold jewelry. &lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [Chunsheng distressed at his wife said](http://dreams4love.com/events_view.php?eid=11643 "http://dreams4love.com/events_view.php?eid=11643" )
  * [it is indeed possible to cause death. At present](http://www.yangxue.org/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7921 "http://www.yangxue.org/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7921" )
  * [a child's psychological pressure](http://www.federalian.org/fednet/index.php?do=/W419npfsh/blog/a-child-s-psychological-pressure/ "http://www.federalian.org/fednet/index.php?do=/W419npfsh/blog/a-child-s-psychological-pressure/" )


##  " I not a bad person

Until the prosecutor said: "Wang × malicious overdraft, a huge amount of
credit card fraud should be held criminally responsible. The highest at more
than ten years imprisonment, Wang panicked, tearful, said:" I not a bad
person, I play,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), if it is a bad guy, I would
have to walk away,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), so my girlfriend to take
responsibility ... "

In June 2007, the king of business cash flow problems, carrying his
girlfriend,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), big overdraft, part of the money
used to continue doing business, in part for money lenders.

Consulted with several bank credit card center staff,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), most banks for overdraft interest
rates and late fees the algorithm is this: the overdraft interest rate for the
Japanese interest rates five ten thousandths, a monthly recover interest, late
fees at the lowest amount of the outstanding part of the % charge. If the
borrower does not timely repayment, the repayment base is growing, and more
accumulated interest and late fees will be the more.

The king could not sleep for many days, he thought for a long
time,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), on March 23 this year, gave himself
up.

Yesterday, the king in the court look relaxed, saying: "I do not do not want
to also,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), but the interest, late fees every
day, not at the end, it is not starting now, I came to the court, late fees,
interest finally have to stop out, and then not endless. I came out,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), also
on. "

At this point,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the king of overdraft interest on
arrears and late fees of more than 30,000 yuan, owed the bank more than
270,000 yuan.

The judge in court for sentencing: In view of the king voluntarily surrendered
themselves, pleaded guilty to a good
attitude,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), and sentenced to three years and
nine months, a fine of 60,000.

&lt;p&gt;The end of December 2008, banks began to land one after another
reminder letters sent to the king's girlfriend, and twice sent directly to his
girlfriend at home debt collection. At this time, the king's girlfriend know
that nine credit cards,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), up to an overdraft 7 thirty
thousand,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), at least, there are nearly a
million, the king has overdrawn principal amount of 23 million yuan.

's girlfriend once represented the bank card business, for nine credit cards.
Girlfriend have great confidence in the king, and his usual basically do not
have a credit card, put the card all to the king. &lt;/p&gt;

Wang laughed, grateful to four bow: "Thank you, Judge, thank prosecutors,
thank you ......"

Wang began to open the Western Wall, the complement of the east wall, which
the bank sent reminder letters, he would take from the bank credit card is to
also, or even to find an intermediary to help the cash. Soon, the king found
it increasingly difficult to cash, interest and late fees be rolled.
Day,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), the king completely dumbfounded: himself and
his girlfriend and his family a month's wages and paid to bank together with
interest and late fees are not enough.

Related articles:

  * [some zone branches](http://rusminor.ru/index.php?topic=183183.msg283816#msg283816 "http://rusminor.ru/index.php?topic=183183.msg283816#msg283816" )
  * [but with the power of the water](http://friendspend.com/members/home "http://friendspend.com/members/home" )
  * [But the other side of the phone but can not get through.](http://www.x3g.in/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9657 "http://www.x3g.in/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9657" )


##  spent more than six months

This winter,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), my feet would not have been
frozen." Yesterday,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Yuzhong District,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and street communities, elderly
people living alone the Xiafeng Ying mother received a special gift - 78-year-
old retired teacher evergreen weaving two pairs of wool socks. Wan mother and
Street community residents, now and her daughter live in Yangjiaping.
&lt;/p&gt;

Wan mother sent 30 pairs of hand-woven wool socks,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and
transferred to the needy elderly of the community and Street community
committees Lu Yuanxiu introduced the day before yesterday, the Wan mother-in-
law and his wife carrying a big bag wool socks came from Yangjiaping. Wan
mother gave Jiulongpo District,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), western suburbs of the village
community 30 pairs, of Shiping bridge nursing home 20 pairs, 20 pairs of
Yuzhong District Civil Affairs Bureau. "A total of 100 pairs of wool
socks,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), woven, are sent to the poor elderly." 100
pairs of wool socks, 10000 mother-in-law bought a new
knitted,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), spent more than six months: "than thicker
weave,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), wear warmer. "

As early as 2007,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), her mother began her warmth action.
A few years ago,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), is giving away a since joints
handbag: "probably send a few hundred." Asked why do this Wan said her
mother,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), own handiwork, plus the life of no
worries, thought knitting socks to give the poor elderly: "I hope the best of
its ability,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), to give them point to send warm."

Related articles:

  * ['s agreement" in a joke](http://www.xdjtxxw.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=39052 "http://www.xdjtxxw.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=39052" )
  * [they began to study mathematics.](http://ak12.clod5.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=30074&extra= "http://ak12.clod5.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=30074&extra=" )
  * [Incidence of the year](http://notes.1ec5.org/archives/2012/05/16/atmosphere.html?c=0#comments "http://notes.1ec5.org/archives/2012/05/16/atmosphere.html?c=0#comments" )


##  Li and wear through QQ chat understanding. In the video

&lt;p&gt;"I personally 'small c' is exclusive, Li behavior is clearly a
radical tendencies." Hunan Wan and Li Jian, a joint law firm lawyers think the
law is strict protection of the legitimate family,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), not the temerity to infringe families.

Li Jian said that the legal principle is that no one can break the spouse's
rights under the Marriage Law,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), if it is without the knowledge of "Little
Three" can only belong to the scope of moral adjustment, if the "small" living
as husband and wife personal safety or other violations of the rights in the
process by the Marriage Law is not the appropriate protection.

Local Commission for Discipline Inspection: investigation

Soon, the two living together. Cohabitation,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), Li found that the original Song did
not divorce, and his wife separated. Song assured her, would soon divorce Li
for his birth to a son and his wife. Li believed him, and in April 2009, she
became pregnant again. Song to her more and more distant. One day, Li came up
with a way to apply for a new QQ number, posing as beauty and Song chat, and
sure enough, Song is an opening on to mention the matter of the open room.
When Song own the waiting Nvwang even abandon the Li, immediately dumbfounded.

Users' knowing too much ": Occupational Xiao San,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), I expressed support for the fight against the
corruption lecherous officials.

Users point of view

According to knowledgeable sources in the network looks for her husband after
the incident Li, Dai has gone to Shanghai, local media reported, but later
returned to Yangzhou,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), a town lost contact with many former
acquaintances. Song said in an interview, his extramarital affairs events and
Li, have been removed of his duties, we can say is "ruin".

Friends, "007": not everyone Secretary can Song Siming so handsome, nor is it
able to do so like Song Siming beautiful.

Related links: three network events, the same way for officials sacked

Li's request, Song wrote more than one guarantee, guarantee to keep his wife
divorced, and Li marriage. But writing a Song but then Li increasingly fierce,
and often beat her, but also to her belly to fight, want their children to
abortion down.

&lt;p&gt;Li has a serious heart condition, you can not do the abortion
procedure had to choose the child was born. In January
2007,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschere.com" ), Li got the news that worn in Shanghai, she came to
Shanghai, asked to wear the initiative to sign a guarantee. At that time,
their units insiders told Li, said Dai married in Shanghai. Subsequently, the
encounter with Dai Li to the Internet, looking for wear, becoming a network
looks for her husband incident.

Lawyers say: some cases "not protected by law

In June 2005, Li and wear through QQ chat understanding. In the video, wearing
Li is at first sight, and then pursued. Li has been refusing to wear each
other. In the pursuit of Dai,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Li and his life together.
Cohabitation soon, Li, wearing even another woman. Public secret, wearing beat
Li, Li saw no other choice, then, Li found that she was pregnant. However,
wear has chosen to disappear, to avoid Li.

"It is not reliable to rely on men for economic interests." Li Jian, suggested
that women should be independent, should have a correct view of marriage.

Modern Express reported: in 2008,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), a single mother
Li through QQ chat know of a management committee of a Secretary for the Song
(a pseudonym),[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), in September, the two first met in
October 12 for the first time a relationship. Afterwards, to send to the Li
complained that his wife is very aggressive, have been separated for many
years,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), very painful and sad.

However, Li said in the online posting things, Song said, "she lied too many
problems", but he also said that after seeing media reports very angry,
although in this things wrong, but not all as reported in Li said, "at least
50% are false!"

However, she did not deny is the previously "network looks for her
husband,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" )," the heroine, has not been denied a
relationship with Song,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), but has
repeatedly stressed that "I'm the victim", then hastily hung up the phone.
&lt;/p&gt;

Users Lan Snapshots ": This made me to think of Zhongxiang teacher saying,"
was a wonderful thing, you have to made to ruin can not be.

Later, Song repeatedly asked to use the money off and Li relationship, but Li
has been promised. Subsequently, Li looking for media exposure the matter.

Friends, "Lili": If I had known now enemies, why did Haishishanmeng, woman
heart unexplainable.

Related articles:

  * ['clock in the afternoon](http://www.hxycjy.com/bbs/ShowPost.asp?ThreadID=65434 "http://www.hxycjy.com/bbs/ShowPost.asp?ThreadID=65434" )
  * ["surname](http://thedisputed.org/index.php?topic=231698.msg353539#msg353539 "http://thedisputed.org/index.php?topic=231698.msg353539#msg353539" )
  * [shooting the remaining two on the 13th](http://mojalegnica.pl/blogs/entry/sudden-convulsions-and-vomiting "http://mojalegnica.pl/blogs/entry/sudden-convulsions-and-vomiting" )


##  and the tears about to fall.

Hu Bingshen said: "my wife of over 60 years of age, in order to earn more
money without telling their children back to rural areas when the seasonal
workers, for others Reaper, the playing field, picking cotton,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), we Xiaxian a bride called 'kill wife',
his wife with a my life, did not enjoy one day a blessing, I the Hu Bingshen
really is the daughter-in-law to 'kill'. "

&lt;p&gt;Feedback link integrity of the people to repay the Secretary to
become a moral model

Debt 10 years,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), the Hu Bingshen never to their
children for help, because people called to speak. He did not give their
children during the period when the Secretary, organization of work. The
second son after demobilization so far in the county forestry police station
when temporary workers,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), two daughter-in-law did not
work; daughter and son-in Henan to sell bread, since agriculture accounts.

Hu Bingshen with the creditors one by one door to find, the find almost did
not let him faint. It turned out that the debtor's run to run, diseased, dead,
then secured the money, there are up to more than 240,000 yuan principal did
also. Face of the family's complaints and accusations, bear down, or a hide is
over The Hu Bingshen it difficult decision. It was suggested that he look for
the relationship between credit cooperatives loan dead account processing, or
simply look for the county leadership,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the organization to come forward to solve.
But the Hu Bingshen life reputation such as life, thought it was a wall to
throw the baby - living shame to be being reprimanded. Final Hu Bingshen
choose to repay the debt on behalf of 11 farmers, and all the money with
interest are also on the commitment to fight for 12 years.

New Year's Eve last year,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), debt Hu Bingshen repaid eat dinner, he
gave his wife a certificate of deposit, and that he was afraid the event does
not survive half-Road go secretly to save his wife's pension money. His wife
holding a certificate of deposit, and the tears about to fall.

Interview, many people have given a evaluation of Hu Bingshen high. Mao Ji-
Yong, assistant of Yuncheng City Intermediate People's Court said: "I dealt
with a lot of produce due to secured debt dispute, although the Guarantor bear
joint and several liability, but the implementation is very difficult, to Hu
Bingshen such initiative to help people debt is very rare, especially is a
retired cadre, the more impressive. "

Many schools also specifically invited the Hu Bingshen report to students and
education students to develop the noble virtues of honesty and trustworthiness
childhood. Yuncheng City People's Road School fifth-graders Yao Yiheng
listened to the report,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), said: "Grandpa Hu, despite the
hardships, regardless of condition, a shop, selling couplet, to repay money
for other people, you are really great! The integrity of your spirit will
never let me Remember,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" )! "some companies will also be the
Hu Bingshen classified as employees to learn the object. Currently, Shanxi has
The Hu Bingshen chooses for the third national candidates for the moral model.

'your Hu Juzhang accosted by' was able to township enterprises and boost my
flesh, that afraid of Paul the debt! " &lt;/p&gt;

Hu Bingshen has in his own name to help 19 farmers secured by more than
690,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ),000 yuan, in addition to a small
part from the rural credit cooperatives, all the rest is a civil debt.
Original Xiaxian Bureau of Township Enterprises Finance Chief of double-lock
said: "We tried to persuade him, saying that people unpredictable, this
account can not guarantee to help those farmers to run the corporate rich, did
not always listen."

Said: "personal interests, Hu Bingshen the 'Han Han', but people from the
social development and people perspective, Hu Bingshen the example of selfless
Xiaxian Brahma Paper Co., Ltd. Chairman Ma pacification."

Working 10 years to repay the people, the spirit of the people Hu Bingshen
integrity in Yuncheng City caused many units and the public's concerns. The
shipped urban economic and cultural figures Federation is the initiative,
calling on the city's citizens and entrepreneurs to learn,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), do Shigenobu Shangyi model
citizens to repay the Secretary Hu Bingshen.

2001 Hu Bingshen from the Secretary jobs retire after the creditors have to
find on the door. When the original 19 farmers own guarantee, in addition to
eight in a timely manner but also money, and the remaining 11 due to business
failures and not all the money also
on,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and some even a penny did not
also.

Hu Bingshen said: "I am 67 years old, a load of bun to eat more than half
worried, anonymous and no regrets, restricted to the 10-year bonds,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), we eat a loss, but we worthy of the
people, not a guilty conscience,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" )! Yuncheng Guan Gong hometown always
Shigenobu Shangyi, I want to own story to tell more people to listen, people
understand that the integrity of the people, in fact, in an idea, not how hard
the thing! "

Ten years to repay the road, pronto, it seems an understatement, but it is
full of ups and bitterness. Dongle Qian of the Hu Bingshen old colleague said:
"If you do not believe personally see a Chinese New Year, he stepped down on
the street selling the couplet, sell firecrackers also opened a barber shop
gives the barber, and later opened a small shops, less than 0:00 are not
closed. Bingshen go by car Yeah, but now they often pull carts, sometimes to
see him eat one meal a bowl of water, an onion, a bun, very impoverished!

Related articles:

  * [the results show that abnormal heart rate](http://literarydish.com/2011/09/27/nicki-minaj-aint-nothing-but-a-pink-chicken-wing-necklace/ "http://literarydish.com/2011/09/27/nicki-minaj-aint-nothing-but-a-pink-chicken-wing-necklace/" )
  * [I dare to believe that this thing is really ..." Description brother died](http://www.byhg.gs.cn/wjx313/bbs/read.php?tid=61392 "http://www.byhg.gs.cn/wjx313/bbs/read.php?tid=61392" )
  * [Aunt Lee](http://zqzbw.net/thread-10308-1-1.html "http://zqzbw.net/thread-10308-1-1.html" )


##  a Guangzhuobangzi

Liu aunt, said she knew to rescue middle-aged man called Wang Libin, 39 years
old this year, district residents. "He did such a thing,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), we do not feel strange, because he
is usually more enthusiastic, but also to live the cottage, usually neighbor
repair a wire, get hold of the gate what he saw will take the initiative to
help."

The innocent child smiles, if not the neck that has been on the cards the
scars do not see day she had to get experienced that Cry scene. &lt;/p&gt;

At this time, a Guangzhuobangzi, even the shoes did not wear a man rushed
over, quickly climb up from the outside of the building body 4, a pick up and
lift up the children. Sixty-seven minutes later, someone broke into the house,
clawed through the protective window, pull the child.

Lu grouping ran downstairs, downstairs has been around a group of people, we
are actively think of ways to. On the ground covered with blankets, in case of
emergency; ideas someone called the fire engines and other rescue.

Barefoot climb to 4th floor picked up boosting the child to be aid

But to bring the rescued girls,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), Wang Libin said,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), was to call on the couch, when he
heard his wife shouting, opposite the upstairs children head stuck on the
balcony is falling, he had no time to wear shoes and rushed out ...

Neighbors called him to do something not unusual

Lu grouping,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), said he and his wife in the kitchen
washing dishes, and two grandchildren playing hide and seek in the bedroom.
Suddenly,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), they heard outside the building to someone
shouting, "The kids fall down, life-saving ah ---" an old married couple stuck
his head out to look,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), only to find Deng who dug out the
window, head stuck in the gap between the security windows, body floating.

Bravery touched district residents

&lt;p&gt;Deng Zhikun his balcony high from the ground about 13 meters, if
there were no people in a timely manner to save the
child,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), even if the daughter is not fall
will be strangled by the railing. Later, they are relying on the impression to
find a savior.

A witness said something about around at 18:30 on the 13th, he heard that the
area inside a burst of noise, go out to see the 4-F,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), anti-theft window hung a little
girl is scared cried. Suddenly,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), a Guangzhuobangzi middle-aged
man,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
rapidly ran over, stepping on the first floor of the garage door to the second
floor, along the fence of the security network, up climbed to the 4th floor,
hugged and hold little girl. "What protection measures did not have time to
do." Witnesses said the middle-aged man to climb to save people outside the
floor, downstairs surrounding residents to see live in fear. "It worked out
OK, he hugged the child did not take long, it was Chuaimen into the room from
the inside and clawed through the security net to pull the child into the
house." Rescue men from the 3rd floor windows into the missing figure.

Then the high hand to climb not afraid Wang Libin said he had experience of
working at height. Recalled on the 13th thing, he said, "did not think too
much just go, no protection,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), and now that I think really a
little scared." He joked,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), "Now let me climb time, certainly
on not go. "

Related articles:

  * [For Air China for 10 years to pay Rao in the trial](http://www.cngaskets.com/viewthread.php?tid=9783&extra= "http://www.cngaskets.com/viewthread.php?tid=9783&extra=" )
  * [A hit and then hit very bad.](http://ibabamama.hk/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=715056 "http://ibabamama.hk/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=715056" )
  * [36 years old](http://kabarete.net/foro/index.php?topic=812873.msg1168361#msg1168361 "http://kabarete.net/foro/index.php?topic=812873.msg1168361#msg1168361" )


##  the case will be for sentencing.

&lt;p&gt;In the early morning of May 1, the money sent to Chang Ping, Lee Yan
arrangements accomplices Li Mouyong, Xu Mouhong and coated with a feather to
the receivables of the railway station square, but can not find people. The
police have eye on the whereabouts of the group,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschere.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschere.com" ), 10 am,
caught by the public security organs Luo a sister,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com" ), rescued Zhen.

's experience of others,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), so Lee Yan,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), "cousin" (large), coated with a
feather,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), Limou Yong and Xu Mouyu plotting Zhen a cheat into
the betrayal trap, and then violence to extort money. &lt;/p&gt;

Soon,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschere.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschere.com" ), a sister of the Luo, coated with a
feather,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Xumou Hong and Li Mouyong
Procuratorate accused of kidnapping and held criminally responsible, the case
will be for sentencing.

April 30 21 pm, Luo Zhen fool accommodation rental house. Two hours later,
claiming to be a Luo girl husband Lee Yan and four others rushed into the room
under control, Zhen,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), will beat a meal. Lee Yan claimed to
be wearing a green cap, and has resulted in a Luo girl pregnant Zhenmou Li
extorting 20,000 yuan. Zhen contacted the table of brother-in-law under
duress, the table of brother-in-law again, "scandal" transferred to report to
the Chen's wife, the two men discussed the decisive report.

Subsequently, Lee Yan, who kept calling the threat Zhen's wife and Table
brother-in-law, claiming that no money is threatened to kill,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), and 2 million ransom remitted into
the bank account. The two sides bargain to ransom reduced to $ 10,000, the
money to Changping Town, by screening a wife. Then,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), Lee Yan et al. Changing the places
of detention,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and Finally, Zhen detained Changping
Town,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), good luck rental 301 room.

Related articles:

  * [your blood will not be white to stay](http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-fix-no-file-selected-error-message-in-clip-bucket-v2-6/ "http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-fix-no-file-selected-error-message-in-clip-bucket-v2-6/" )
  * [check the grinder gear](http://www.lsxo.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=980 "http://www.lsxo.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=980" )
  * [was the security on its back kicking](http://www.chisome.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=2041&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=26197 "http://www.chisome.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=2041&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=26197" )


##  two staff men to lift down the stairs

The room of the incident,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), the police found a man had
been killed. 16:20,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), two staff men to lift down the
stairs,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), loaded onto a forensic car away.
&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [the teacher said fine](http://www.ourclass.org/space.php?uid=13217&do=blog&id=65551 "http://www.ourclass.org/space.php?uid=13217&do=blog&id=65551" )
  * [the other will not cause illness.](http://pillcase.com/seo/2009/06/small-keywords-500uu-boss-blog.html#comments "http://pillcase.com/seo/2009/06/small-keywords-500uu-boss-blog.html#comments" )
  * ['an District employment center](http://sn2012.net/viewthread.php?tid=85811&extra= "http://sn2012.net/viewthread.php?tid=85811&extra=" )


##  SINA Corporation All rights reserved

SINA Corporation All rights reserved,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
)

Related articles:

  * [not only can not integrate into the collective atmosphere of the school](http://cd-sn.com/thread-27365-1-1.html "http://cd-sn.com/thread-27365-1-1.html" )
  * ['s knife I was later kicked off. "Mr. Jia said.](http://50.6.229.66/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=101103 "http://50.6.229.66/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=101103" )
  * [Ko Wing-Yung](http://hkspeakup.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9185 "http://hkspeakup.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9185" )


##  Lee Sau who is less than five dollars

's sake,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), she could only lie in bed quietly hand
against the abdomen to relieve pain. If it is not the Good
Samaritan,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), she called the emergency
phone,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), it is estimated that today she
would not enter the hospital doors. Through a night of anti-inflammatory
treatment,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Lee Sau situation has slightly
better.

&lt;p&gt; According to the emergency room medical staff,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), Lee Sau is still unclear of their
condition. At present,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), the hospital Founder in
positive contact with their families. The time of
admission,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Lee Sau who is less than five
dollars,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), taking into account her special
circumstances,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Changsha City Hospital decided to waive all
the costs of her hospital stay,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and contact Yuelu
District,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), relief stations,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), a slight improvement in Li Sau condition after her
back home to recuperate.

Related articles:

  * [Followed by the workers is divided into two teams](http://www.pinestar.com.tw/discuz7/viewthread.php?tid=19360&extra= "http://www.pinestar.com.tw/discuz7/viewthread.php?tid=19360&extra=" )
  * [will give the injured women wounded](http://www.hostorian.com/one-com/ "http://www.hostorian.com/one-com/" )
  * [Users have the rain sent clothing](http://bbs.23as.com/viewthread.php?tid=47413&extra= "http://bbs.23as.com/viewthread.php?tid=47413&extra=" )


##  once the fire brigade arrived

fire-fighting heroes, and ordinary farmers of the Shangyu County, Zhejiang
Province, in 1989, he formed the first branch of the family in the Zhejiang
voluntary fire brigade, the obligations of the fire is known for township. 22
years, he accumulated the fire 156, retrieving economic losses of more than
600 million for the villagers. "We from Shaoxing 50 miles 50 miles away from
Shangyu,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), once the fire brigade
arrived,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the fire burned almost every time to see
the folks affected,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), I was uncomfortable." &lt;/p&gt;

Recently,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the Ministry of Public Security
held a commendation meeting. "I was the first by the recognition." Ruanbing
Yan said proudly. Recognition of the meeting, the Ministry of Public Security
is a total prize of four fire engines, Zhejiang,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), only this one.

&lt;p&gt;Get the fire engines, Ruanbing Yan said that it would immediately go
to learn to drive,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), "hoping to breakfast with.

However, this car fire engines have not sent, "is a four-wheel motorcycle,
behind the water pump and fire hose, fire fighting,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), more professional,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), I have not used, must learn how to
get after school." Ruan Bingyan such description of the tone reveals a curious
and looking forward to.

Ruanbing Yan said that the leadership asked not awarded him the money, he
turned down the money why,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), I think it is extinguishing
important. The car value,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Ruanbing Yan was not clear, I
heard ten million, "I am sorry to inquire.

Thus, in 1989, Asan use to engage in transportation earned 4500 dollars, the
purchase of hand-carried motorized pumps and other fire fighting equipment,
the mobilization of three sons and the village,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), two demobilized soldiers, the
establishment of the Fire Brigade of Zhejiang Province, the first family
obligations, regardless of day and night, live No matter how busy,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), heard
the police dispatched. In order to support the voluntary fire brigade of this
family to run at least annually to go to the "water" where thrown into the
five or six thousand.

Related articles:

  * [and twice one day](http://etzyw.uueasy.com/read.php?tid=87760 "http://etzyw.uueasy.com/read.php?tid=87760" )
  * [At the police station](http://www.docarzt.com/lost/lost-recaps/the-last-temptation-of-locke-507-the-life-and-death-of-jeremy-bentham/ "http://www.docarzt.com/lost/lost-recaps/the-last-temptation-of-locke-507-the-life-and-death-of-jeremy-bentham/" )
  * [The end of last year](http://www.creditcardanswerguide.com/?p=23740 "http://www.creditcardanswerguide.com/?p=23740" )


##  close to 100 dollars.

Why anything of value must take the package to get it back Phone 23-year-old
Xiao Yao silence,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), said: "She said that the package
does not get it back we should break up with me ..."

See Xiao Yao is 17:00 yesterday, he had just Chaotianmen back, very upset, his
face hanging helpless. He said Xiao Tan back to his message yesterday, very
firm, said that even if the package to get it back with him to break up.

Ticket is already seized of votes, Xiao Yao thieves will not see the tickets
went to the station He took Xiao Tan walked to the station, I saw the driver
straight over and asked: "You are not the ticket lost "

"She say to get it back we should break up with me" &lt;/p&gt;

Sit and talk about more than 40 minutes, they feel that it is almost time on
the train. Turned to get something pink satchel was gone, Xiao Tan was very
angry and blamed Xiao Yao.

Chatted for more than 40 minutes found that the package was gone

Xiao Yao feel the driver may know, quickly asked, but the drivers are
unwilling to say more,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), just tell that they have to
mention an up to the next bus passengers, Xiao Tan sat down a group to the
pillars of the car.

The bag is not pink,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Shoulder Messenger kind of long
cylindrical; cute, chic, like a girlfriend Xiao Tan. Bag in fact, anything of
value, identity cards and bank cards, bank cards, no money. Must say
valuable,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), that in the afternoon to the
pillars of the bus, close to 100 dollars.

They both went to the Chaotianmen pier the shore of a cool flower bed and sat
down. The flower bed is a square, they chose a side, Xiao Tan sitting on the
far left, Xiao Yao close to her to sit down.

Xiao Yao does not intend to give up, he hoped the package to get it back, "If
you get it back she would also like to break up, although I will be very sad,
but at least I will not feel guilty."

So, yesterday morning, Xiao Yao came to the place of the package was stolen,
he re-walked again along the way the day before yesterday, he heard the
general stole the package,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), will worthless things casually
abandoned on the roadside, he carefully watching every corner.

Sit down Xiaotan smoothly originally Messenger in the body of the package
handed Xiao Yao, Xiao Yao put the bag and snacks ready to give his girlfriend
own a black jacket, with on the right hand side of the seat.

The day before yesterday at noon,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Xiao Tan to Chaotianmen bus station
and bought a ticket back to the stone pillars home from the driving time over
one hour, Xiao Yao recommendations to the river bank to sit.

"The bag is on our side of the stolen

His return home to find his girlfriend

The bag was stolen, can not have risen to the height of the influence the
feelings, Xiao Yao thought for a moment, slowly say: "The bag is placed around
us was stolen."

Xiao Yao always felt that drivers should be seen to steal the bag of
people,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but yet can not know more information, plus
Xiao Tan repeatedly blame Xiao Yao can only bid farewell to his girlfriend in
the confusion.

&lt;p&gt;A few hours later, he found nothing in his words, "desperate", he
found us.

Really angry Xiao Tan, Xiao Yao has been playing her cell phone the night
before, but they are shut down,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), Xiao Yao is very self-blame, he
felt Xiaotan say makes sense,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), his girlfriend package take care
of the poor, but also how can we take care of her

Today, Xiao Yao planning to return home to find Xiao Tan,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), give an account of each other, he
knew little chance to find the bag, but the feelings of his efforts.

Tingduo past the pier,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), from time to time,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), someone sat down next to, but also
got up and left, Xiao Yao does not remember how many people are after.

Why "She said I could not even packages take care of the poor, and maybe
someday put her to lose it.

Old saying: the demolition of ten temple rather not break a marriage, if you
see that pink bag, please tell us.

Him along the way looking for a long time but found nothing

Related articles:

  * [Wang Mei look of excitement.](http://www.nepseguide.com/forums/topic.php?id=18775&replies=1#post-20401 "http://www.nepseguide.com/forums/topic.php?id=18775&replies=1#post-20401" )
  * [remove the medical syringe needles at home to complete the insemination.](http://foro.ninsmallorca.com/index.php?topic=9728.msg11092#msg11092 "http://foro.ninsmallorca.com/index.php?topic=9728.msg11092#msg11092" )
  * [nausea and other reactions](http://www.partydating.pl/events_view.php?eid=240569 "http://www.partydating.pl/events_view.php?eid=240569" )


##  Tongling City

,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" )

's Hospital of Tongling City cleaners Ling (a pseudonym) came early to near
the hospital and saw the hospital matron Xu Jing (a pseudonym) approached the
hospital,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), while it is not prepared picked up
a hammer to pound Xu Jing. See Xu Jing fall to the
ground,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), Ling took out a bottle of pesticide and drank it.

After receiving the
alarm,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Tongling City,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Rocky Mountain police station
rushed to the incident,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the organization will be both
rushed to hospital. Cleaners Ling died on the day of the incident due to too
much medication. Xu Jing from serious injuries and death He died on the 17th
morning. After the incident,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), the Tongling Police launched
the murder of the detection mechanism.

Related articles:

  * [the rocker arm is not long enough](http://wdawe.com/index.php/ "http://wdawe.com/index.php/" )
  * [Defendant involved nine charges](http://bbs.shmohe.com/forumdisplay.php?fid=4 "http://bbs.shmohe.com/forumdisplay.php?fid=4" )
  * [Humou repeatedly exclaimed](http://cdr.chicagobynight.org/CDR/index.php/User:Sfhis45ygr#Humou_repeatedly_exclaimed "http://cdr.chicagobynight.org/CDR/index.php/User:Sfhis45ygr#Humou_repeatedly_exclaimed" )


##  his near-legendary life experience

Because my father had long been ill, Liu Fuxing intermittently under the
auspices of the aunt, uncle and other relatives and friends read the first two
days, dropped out of school. At that time he slept in the home to his father
prepared a coffin Gail, until five years after his father died.

For the first time to save people 62 years ago

Liu Fuxing, someone asked him "how to save people the things you encounter "
He said,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), perhaps there are a few reasons.
First, good water, and even summed up a set of water to save people, "the law;
the second is his life experience is very rich, and traveled to many places
and experienced a lot of things; he ever did the longest or public security,
procuratorial and other political and legal work, a career sensitive on the
inside. Of course, the most important point is that I want to pipe ". Liu
Fuxing, this is the most important point in the rescue process, there had been
no one hand,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), no cars stopped to help, he
decided to accept media interviews, in order to her own life experiences to
tell you: on charitable deeds, to reach out to help people but also for
ourselves. Or that song, sing the Road: "As long as everyone contributes a
little love,[michael kors outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), the world will become a
better human!"

Similarly, the ninth day of the first lunar month of this year, Liu Fuxing bus
station in Huanghua encountered an unexpected scene. A young man holding a
knife, while Xiaoping Guo, one side with a woman "borrow" next to a young spy.
Liu Fuxing from accent to listen the other party is Changzhou, then stepped
forward and asked: "Your grandfather okay Remember you were a kid I went to
your house " To take advantage of the timing of that young man stupidly let
the woman leave. The two young men that go to the Huanghua see the sea,
results wallet, no money back to Changzhou. Liu Fuxing gave them to buy
tickets, tell them that if and then move forward one step further to
constitute a crime.

Distress the poor save more than 10 people

◎ Soundtrack

The story leads to find grace boom

Lunar August 1949, Liu Fuxing remember very clearly when he was only 6 years
old. Day, the grandfather in "Take sorghum head" (a kind of local farm work),
he went to deliver meals. What food sent him remember: three pancakes son, a
salty egg, a small can of millet and mung bean soup.

Things like the street to rescue the sudden illness of the elderly, Liu Fuxing
has run into more than one return has been saved.

&lt;p&gt;Liu Fuxing there is a special relatives. It turned out that the most
difficult times in the 1960s of the last century, the night of the world the
snow, a pregnant woman and her two children knocked on the door of Liu Fuxing.
Because the family did not have food, Liu Fuxing to the production team to the
shed by sorghum, feed beans, rescued mother and a few people. Later, the two
became the "relatives".

Tribulations of childhood hardships, Liu Fuxing more value human life, coupled
with the grandfather's words and deeds, Liu Fuxing until now still remember
when the carpenter's grandfather carved in wood on that four sentences: Virtue
is a jewel, kindness without words to thank silence such as gold, publicity
amoral. The wood of this ancient family motto engraved in the 1960s of the
last century is lost, but the family motto has been engraved in the heart of
Liu Fuxing.

Liu Fuxing own made a special payment to the elderly, caring health card,
write the name, age, family telephone, "If I fall down or unable to speak in
public, in my coat pocket and pulled out the nitric acid glycerol a JiuXinWan
10, the service entrance, and call the 120 emergency call and the family
telephone, the capacity when Xie.

How thing have you met

1962, rescued sheep Miki Township, a man collapsed from hunger, with his
doctor, pay for their own food stamps invited him to dinner, and commissioned
the car back to; the fall of 2004, a young women in the the Huanghua park
wanted to commit suicide by Liu Fuxing and his wife ; give up his suicide in
June 2010, a young woman wandering in the park and in pain for a long time to
persuade by Liu Fuxing, etc., by their loved ones brought home ...

Zhao Jinming (60 years old, the Huanghua often guozhen bridge the Zhuangzi
villagers): Liu Fuxing rescued the blind man is a brother of my family. He has
been thinking about this, tell my father. My father told me before he passed
away. Until I see Liu Fuxing reported in the newspaper to realize that he
saved the people, I find. Was so excited, I am moved to tears. Shangfen to my
brother, I kept repeating to him. Else I would not say that, I think, Liu
Fuxing childhood to old age has been so to save people, too great.

Twice to save people, the most prominent Liu Fuxing "courage" and "wisdom as.

The first lunar month 28, 1952, Liu Fuxing school the next day, rescued from
the ice classmates Sun Yitai; August 1958, from the pit, rescued 10-year-old
Zhang Chunwen; March 1961, the ice rescued often Guo Bridge Zhuangzi a surname
old man received plaited straw; September 1961, in the north of the village
Wong Drainage rescued a young woman rescued; 1974 in often guocun southwest
pond within a 3-year-old children, he is the early 40s were King thread; the
summer of 2004, rescued a child in a pond and discharge ascites; the summer of
2007, an attempted suicide of elderly people were rescued from the Park Lake
...

Liu Fuxing these years he had been repeatedly concealing save people
experience, in addition to compliance with the family motto, there is a
reason, that is,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), he always thought that saving lives
must be flexible according to the situation disposal. For example, he has time
in Dandong, on the bus thief, he was the owner said: "you how so Obviously I
saw three people that the young man picked up the wallet, how do you say to
people to steal " Turned on the other said, "Young man, do not let people
misunderstand the wallet back to him!" The results of the thief is also a
wallet. Another time, in Tianjin, is also in the bus, faced with two knife-
wielding criminals, his decisive shot, the two men subdued.

This is the first time Liu Fuxing save lives. Where there is a "two
generations of people seeking grace" story. It turned out that the blind
beggar, although I do not know who saved him, but has not forgotten. He
entrusted the family of an uncle looking for a benefactor. Later, his uncle in
turn to the task his son Zhao Jinming. Liu Fuxing rescue deeds newspaper, Zhao
Jinming inadvertently read from the newspaper Liu Fuxing rescue scene in the
age of six, all of a sudden on the number, found immediately Liu Fuxing,
completed the "two generations to find grace" wish .

Changzhou local media after the intervention reported more and more of the
rescued through the media to find Liu Fuxing, people began to realize that the
old man Liu Fuxing, must not only street emergency such examples, his near-
legendary life experience, began to get to know people.

It turned out that Liu Fuxing born in a poor family in Huanghua often guozhen
often guocun. Liu Fuxing grandfather Liu Litai everywhere good turn deserves
another, Pat Heung in ten left, "the nickname of" living Buddha Liu Litai. Liu
Fuxing of childhood had almost a plague killed when he was dying, she looks to
die. Mother and grandmother put him outside the house of straw, he stopped
breathing, he called an uncle Fenkuang his back to the mass grave child to
throw away. Coincidentally the Cangxian Huang Guanzhun in the vicinity of a
private doctor goes by,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), while he had been many years ago Liu
Litai aid over passed through to touch the child, as well as breath, he gave
Liu Fuxing, a wonderful reflection, with two two rock sugar plus medicine
blindly save. &lt;/p&gt;

Another in the first lunar month 19,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), 1965. Liu Fuxing in Suning County to
participate in "social education" to Changzhou act. He O'clock the riding a
the bicycle to went to People 's Park, the the hear to Lake was heard inside
the cries for help. A look, a 12-year-old children holding fishing nets fell
into a scuttling through the ice, three of his students are preparing to jump
to the rescue. Liu Fuxing an immediate end to his five bikes arranged in a
circle, together with a rope,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), "piece car"
and another big kids to put through the ice, successfully rescued the child.

Time in August 1963. Liu Fuxing is flood prevention command post when the
flood, at McNair to alkali River Zhou Qing Zhuang segment. Day to a peak,
suddenly washed away Xianxian a father and son. This father and son usually
live in a removal of the wheels of the cart chassis, cover tarpaulin shack,
the results of the flood will all of a sudden the "shack" rushed into the
water, father and son in the above call for help. That water is too great, no
one dared to rush into the water. Finally, the sinus Zhuangzi "sinus bye" to
come up with a rope, one tied to a tree below have someone holding the other
end into the water tied to the "shack" of the water. This time, Liu Fuxing
station out. He jumped into the water, while staggered wave in order to
prevent the stun own side tour to the "shack" next to fasten a rope. People
these three just come up with amazing scene: the tree used to tied the rope
tree twinkling of an eye was uprooted by the flood swept away,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" )!

Rescued more than 10 people in the water ice

The rice did not eat an accident. The neighboring village, a blind beggar fell
into a pit, yelling for help. Soon to the Zusun Liang pit, but a 83-year-old,
one is only 6-year-old children how to save Or grandfather Jizhongshengzhi. He
knew Liu Fuxing a good swimmer, so elderly Command Liu Fuxing, give the donkey
to put a "flail board,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), led to the pit,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and then let Liu Fuxing so he took a
rope into the water tied to the waist of that blind beggar, and then with a
mule that fell into the blind beggar from the water to pull up.

Zhao Ende (74 years old, Huanghua China, was Liu Fuxing aid): Liu Fuxing, I
heard about, from a young age to save people,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), adults and children are saved. Did
not think this saved me, became my lucky star. I feel that that the, of those
people of the He is also the of all the rescued of "lucky star", the the he
the spirit of should be vigorously carry forward the.

2010 August 28, 18, 30 Division Multiple, Liu Fuxing bike from the front of
the Huanghua government passing, suddenly heard a sound. He looked back,
turned out to be a car reversing accidentally knocked down a tricycle.
Tricycle smash, riding a tricycle for the elderly from the car and fell down
on the spot coma. Liu Fuxing hurried past, we saw the old man lips blue,
shortness of breath. Liu Fuxing suffering from coronary heart disease, carry
the drugs. So he immediately and calmly to the elderly dose of nitroglycerin
and JiuXinWan. Even feed two back, is still effective, Liu Fuxing do
artificial respiration immediately. Finally,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), coma elderly "flutter" to grow a
deep breath. Liu Fuxing then leave.

In addition to these rescue operations, Liu Fuxing, and others working
together to save people more than 20 times. He had the streets on one leg to
kneel, I urge people to lift the tractor head, rescued the women under the
wheels, also Lu Yu car accident to pry open the door and rescued the driver,
and many times to save people from the lake, into the pit with the crowd ...

Related articles:

  * [but his 38-year-old wife](http://www.byq5.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=613 "http://www.byq5.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=613" )
  * &lt;a href="[http://itcofe.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&amp;tid=49665](http://itcofe.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=49665 "http://itcofe.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=49665" )" target="_blank"&gt;[Live] Zou Shujun&lt;/a&gt;
  * [with more than 180 million](http://www.pinglu.in/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=10662 "http://www.pinglu.in/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=10662" )


##  's atmosphere thick carbon dioxide

's atmosphere thick carbon dioxide,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), atmospheric pressure is about
90 times the Earth's average surface temperature over 400 degrees Celsius. The
astronomy community's conclusion that Venus is not "livable".&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [Zhang Yue](http://www.xwff.net/viewthread.php?tid=55417&extra= "http://www.xwff.net/viewthread.php?tid=55417&extra=" )
  * [Color ball "lottery for the evening of November 24](http://text-world.co.nu/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=4382&extra= "http://text-world.co.nu/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=4382&extra=" )
  * [feel that someone entered the room and go to bed](http://ideas4landscaping.com/forum/?p=7620 "http://ideas4landscaping.com/forum/?p=7620" )


##  and made notes. Continue to investigate the case.

&lt;p&gt;After the incident,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), another Chen to
the hospital after a sleeper car drivers continue to drive to send passengers
rushed to the Shenzhen Baoan. The police rushed to the hospital to Mr. Chen
asked about the situation,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), and made notes.
Continue to investigate the case.

's face hit several punches. &lt;/p&gt;

"A male passenger can not see the
past,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), standing in the door edge to
persuade car drivers a few did not expect each other to play a few punches."
Mr. Chen said that he went to the door and want to tell the group theory
side,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the car driver actually dragged him
to get off a dozen people gathered around an iron bar,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), sharp knife as if showered
down upon him,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), he was covered in blood fall to the
ground.

Related articles:

  * [ SINA Corporation All rights reserved](http://www.965999.com/thread-71615-1-1.html "http://www.965999.com/thread-71615-1-1.html" )
  * [and strengthen management and communication](http://www.shanghaisheying-swly.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=1952&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=39651 "http://www.shanghaisheying-swly.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=1952&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=39651" )
  * [10 man shutter doors to open](http://www.articlesareus.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=947696 "http://www.articlesareus.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=947696" )


##  May 2008

One night not long ago, sitting on the West Side Public Security Bureau of
Criminal Investigation Detachment of the office, Lee uncle claimed twice on
the same when

&lt;p&gt;May be more than a year later, Lee uncle came a report that called
the wilderness of the people claiming to be cheated out of 50,000 yuan in the
same way.

January 4,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), 2009,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the suspect the Wusong Wen,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Fu Ruifu woman was arrested. They
put the money back to Uncle Lee.

The 83-year-old Lee, the uncle to the report, saying that a man named
Wilderness cheated his way of recovery of health care products 50,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ),000 yuan. Just two years
ago,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Lee uncle had been in the same
way cheated of $ 12 million.

August 26, 2010,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), the suspect GUO (Field)
investigators arrested. At present, the GUO for alleged fraud by the West Side
Police under criminal detention.

January 7,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), 2009,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), "when the rule of law" report
had such a news. Grandpa Lee and his wife likes to buy some health care
products, a few years accumulated,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Uncle Li for the purchase of
health products spent nearly 60 million. Most health care products do not
eat,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), but filled an entire wall.

May 2008, when Lee uncle wondering how these health care products disposed of
when, suddenly received a phone call, the person claiming to be employees of
the health care products company can repurchase these supplements,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), but must first pay 20% of the fee .
To pay a fee of 120,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ),000 yuan, Li
uncle no longer can not contact each other.

Related articles:

  * [ SINA Corporation All rights reserved](http://www.danhagandesign.com/activity/p/93602/ "http://www.danhagandesign.com/activity/p/93602/" )
  * [the other on to do six days rest day schedule also views.](http://xietd.com/thread-7211-1-1.html "http://xietd.com/thread-7211-1-1.html" )
  * [the bank sent a text message](http://afghannama.com/members/home "http://afghannama.com/members/home" )


##  The brother picked up 3.5 million yuan worth of and Tian ret

,[michael kors outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" )&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [on-site rescue forces are limited](http://www.ak7k.com/read.php?tid=7 "http://www.ak7k.com/read.php?tid=7" )
  * [hands and feet varying degrees of contusion.](http://www.yz-times.cn/club/forumdisplay.php?fid=2 "http://www.yz-times.cn/club/forumdisplay.php?fid=2" )
  * [longevity](http://027-098-194-131.easyhost.com.hk/cuuo/viewthread.php?tid=826512&extra= "http://027-098-194-131.easyhost.com.hk/cuuo/viewthread.php?tid=826512&extra=" )


##  Development Zone

&lt;p&gt; Development Zone,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), now no local taxation
bureau,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), which is totally hot pot restaurant on their own speculation. "Banner on a
Development Zone,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), local taxation bureau HE,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), Suining City Local Taxation Bureau
directly under the branch of a loss. The council official said,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), no institutions of the local
taxation bureau Development Zone,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), only the first
directly under the branch and the north of the city land
tax,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), two tax agencies.

's "extraordinary". &lt;/p&gt;

(Li Jing photo coverage)

&lt;p&gt;Yesterday afternoon,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), on the River City Hot Pot
Restaurant,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), a claim to surnamed Xu is responsible
for claims that banners hung by the hot pot restaurants is the error due to Xu
explained that: The banner is entrusted to a college student,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), a total of 40,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), made a mistake 30. These banners
were all taken off the production banner of Students take the initiative to
seek them out,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), we did not leave his telephone
number and they even do not know. "

Related articles:

  * [Brother robbed man because of business improvised explosive device wounded](http://www.zj11.com.cn/Review.asp?NewsID=371 "http://www.zj11.com.cn/Review.asp?NewsID=371" )
  * [Youth National Day rent his girlfriend home ask the elders indifference](http://baclink.aboutptc.net/profile.php?user=10803&v=comments "http://baclink.aboutptc.net/profile.php?user=10803&v=comments" )
  * [do not get big](http://www.xo1ox.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=110571 "http://www.xo1ox.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=110571" )


##  have become commonplace.

According to Yan a wife,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Yan is a
drunkard, every drink and getting drunk,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), and often
fall out returning,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), or sleep sober after the home out. The day
is the birthday of the home of the granddaughter of a brother of Yan,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), both at home and there are conventions,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), but on a wet
bar,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), a strict forgot his wife's
persuasion,[michael kors outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), also made his wife is an
ugly,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), so not to wait until the San
Xi,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), the wife of wrath rushing away. Yan's
wife said, for decades,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), have become commonplace.

(Zhang Ling Zhao Zhusheng India Alice)

The police immediately Yan a wife,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), a woman heard the police said Yan
a drunk and fell down, and immediately hung up the phone after the results of
telephone dial. The police waited for a long time not seen his wife to pick
the people. In desperation, the police had to use the police car will be
strict to a home. Do not want to, just sent to the door, is still in a drunken
state of Yan actually sleepwalk will come to the door of his wife as "sister-
in-law shouted,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), immediately endured a slap in the face.

Related articles:

  * [such as economic disputes referred to the hands](http://www.kickapoospecialties.com/misc/such-as-economic-disputes-referred-to-the-hands.html?preview=1 "http://www.kickapoospecialties.com/misc/such-as-economic-disputes-referred-to-the-hands.html?preview=1" )
  * [Liu the stolen money exponentially makes cheated](http://www.daisystories.com/blog/ "http://www.daisystories.com/blog/" )
  * [named Ma Huan number code to call that friend](http://www.makemoneybloggingpro.com/top-blogging-software-wordpress-nucleus-bbpress-typepad-b2evolution-2/ "http://www.makemoneybloggingpro.com/top-blogging-software-wordpress-nucleus-bbpress-typepad-b2evolution-2/" )


##  At 7 o'clock on December 9th

Sister Wang said, these days, thanks to Yuan Shidong North drift guy children.
Yuan Shidong Daxing'anling, wearing black rimmed glasses, wearing jeans and
refined appearance. Sister Wang said: "He helped me pay for the rental, a day
came to take care of my life, he sometimes something can not spare time to,
commissioned by a friend or well-meaning people come to me to deliver meals."

In April of this year, Wang Sister purchase riding a motor tricycle, careful
not to fall, stomach car slightly a bit. Since then, the king of his older
sister's belly a little bit to drum up. Less than six months, waist
circumference reached 130 cm, the tumor up to 40 kg weight. Abdominal huge
load makes the king of big sister can not walk like a normal person.

"I usually go to work, after work,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), I buy the food went to see
the king of big sister. View of the physical condition of the king of his
older sister's, many hotels are reluctant to let her Zhuliang Tian above,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), so we have to often replace the inn." Later, Mr.
Yuan suddenly thought Yuncheng Tatu girl things "of Phonetic Star online help,
so he launched an initiative to help the king his older sister's.

Wang Sister suffered ups and downs

Followed by, Tanai Guo teacher and Yuanshi Dong also available online launched
initiatives, many Internet users in spontaneous contributions to the king
Sister. "Book of Friends of Jiang aunt on the Internet that Wang Sister
immediately sinks to 21,600 yuan!"

At that time, the people of Beijing Yuan Shidong go to the west side of
Beijing Peony Garden, a farmers market to buy food, when he just went to the
vegetable market in the door and found a lot of people in the crowd,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), Mr. Yuan closer, an unkempt middle-aged women are
gnawing fruit . Leaving Mr. Yuan was strange that the woman's stomach bizarre,
bigger than the general pregnant belly.

In the afternoon of December 10, Yuan Shidong telephone contact to the Chinese
Red Cross "warm" Office Director Chen. Chen told the Yuanshi Dong: "As long as
the relevant certification to get, in accordance with normal procedures,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), the eldest sister of the king in the hospital during
surgery will be able to get the rescue of the Red Cross Red Cross will also
consider the establishment of a king Sister 'Wang Baohua dedicated fund
accounts'. "

But did not expect, With music dreams, she actually suffered a
hoax,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), her ex-husband cheated her she saved more than 10 million in savings. A
short marriage, Wang Baohua did not bow to dream, work hard to stay in
Beijing. However, fate is chosen so bumpy, eight years ago,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Sister Wang is suffering from
uterine fibroids.

&lt;p&gt;Wang Sister is unfortunate, but she is lucky, her suffering and
helpless, met caring people Yuen and Tan Aiguo. The Tanai Guo in Beijing, a
library, Mr. Yuan is a 27-year-old North Sides, he used the meager income of
their own blog to help the king of big sister.

"If he had and Tanai Guo teacher, I am afraid I can not boil ah!" Hear Sister
king said,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Mr. Yuan said: "Who are likely to
encounter,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), unfortunately, I can not bear to see
the king Sister a person to face the passage of life! "

On the morning of December 16, Cancer Hospital no empty beds, and "Tatu sister
appeared severe symptoms such as shortness of breath, and" Tatu sister from
Beijing Cancer Hospital is transferred to the Beijing hospital.

November 30, local media published, "of Tongliao" Tatu sister ": before
surgery Jixun relatives after the article aroused the attention of many
enthusiastic members of the public. On the morning of December 3, a 40-year-
old man came to the newspaper, saying that he is the younger brother of "belly
sister," Wang Baohua Wang Xiaodong.

For medicinal purposes,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Sister Wang sold the survival electric
tricycle and all belongings. Last 5000 yuan for saving money was stolen,
Sister Wang tears, and began the life of begging ...

Internet users assistance "belly sister

In the morning of December 10, Yuan Shidong learned: "like the king of this
particular case of the eldest sister, you just need to pay a deposit of 10,000
yuan on the inpatient surgery.

At 7 o'clock on December 9th, the train arrived at Beijing Railway Station.
Siblings meet after 20 years had not met, burst into tears, and sometimes
speechless.

December 9, the Second Artillery General Hospital of Beijing Linda Fu told Mr.
Yuan, Wang Sister abdominal mass is too large, and ascites too much surgery it
too difficult, Wang Sister transferred to the Beijing Cancer Hospital,
Hospital willing to donations for the king of big sister.

"Belly sister" hospital

Talked about to leave home Tongliao these years, the 44-year-old Wang Sister
filled with emotion,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), "My father called MY Wong, and
passed away in 1989, when I had just graduated from Inner Mongolia Normal
University Department of Music. My mother called Kang Meirong, 1979 has passed
away. "For the love of music, more than 20 years of age, she alone came to
apply for College of Music in Beijing, but the repeated test. In order to
maintain their livelihood, she start a small business for sale of clothing.

Through inquiry, Mr. Yuen was informed that the woman named Wang Baohua,
Tongliao City, Inner Mongolia, the parents had died 20 years ago, came to
Beijing alone, pregnant with severe, a growing tumor within the uterus. The
crowd of people to move compassion, fruit and bread and other food bought for
her. The Yuanshi Dong also in the side of the deeply touched. "I must help the
poor king of big sister." Later, Yuan Shidong to help the king of big sister
rented a small hotel.

Of Tongliao "Tatu Sister," is how to be found Is how to cause network and
media attention Talking about this matter but also from more than one month
ago.

Media bypass looking for loved ones

Vegetable market in case of stray female &lt;/p&gt;

In the morning of November 20, Yuanshi Dong came to Beijing China Tibet
Library, when the Yuanshi Dong Wang Sister to the Library Tan Aiguo teacher
and the book faithful, the book the faithful have generously. 500 yuan, 800
yuan,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), 2000 yuan. To treatment is king Sister donations so
that little scrape up.

The evening of November 29, the experts of the Second Artillery General
Hospital of Beijing and the Beijing Union Medical College Hospital, Sister
Wang's condition to do a consultation to determine the king of big sister must
immediately surgery, but surgery requires not only her own signature,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), you also need one of her relatives signature agreed
to be carried out.

Related articles:

  * [antimagnetic safe](http://www.mbgw.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=51182 "http://www.mbgw.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=51182" )
  * [beaten lasted nearly 10 minutes. Weiqing En confusion](http://thezen.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=23803 "http://thezen.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=23803" )
  * [the police station visited](http://wenmeigw.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=768 "http://wenmeigw.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=768" )


##  facilities are extremely simple

According to Chang Wu Zero go over 30 minutes and did not come back, their
boss Yueqing Fang came over and asked Wu zero where, he said to go to the
toilet. Yueqing Fang to the toilet and saw that the stone cover on the septic
tank mouth open, and know that something was wrong and called him over to
help. And so on he went to the toilet door, Yueqing Fang has jumped into the
septic tank to save people, he immediately shouted to the boss Xiaoyun
together to save people, and brought the rope to help iron bar, three of them
worked together to fainting Wu zero saved . Who knows just Wu Zero rescued
Yueqing Fang fainted in the septic tank, Xiaoyun quickly ran out of the Qu Han
people to help.

Last night 10:00 a hard day of Wu Zero ready to break back to the maintenance
workers' dormitories. After a few words and workers Chang conversation, go to
the toilet is convenient.

To enter the septic tank easy to produce biogas premises, should be ventilated
or wear a breathing apparatus. In the accident, rescue Zheng Haijun's right,
may be the result of methane diluted.

"I'm home to less than 300 meters away from my brother, a neighbor drove came
to me that 'your brother is trouble',[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), listened to about the situation,[louboutin
pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), I Mongolia. I went to the site a look, my brother
and Yueqing Fang collapsed in the septic tank. crowd of a few people got a
rope leash on my waist,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), I entered the
pond to see a brother down in the septic tank in the corner, and would like to
hand to drag him out,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), but because they slip simply can not
be dragged out again. I climbed to the ground, picked up another rope again
next to the septic tank, the younger brother hitch, several people work
together only then my brother to the surface. "third Shi Subsequently, the
Yueqing Fang heard the news rushed fire officers and police rescued the three
people was sent together with the forest city center hospital for emergency
treatment, however, is due to a coma for too long, no longer, save by Zheng
Haijun did not wake up.

The main component of biogas is methane, hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide and
other mixed gases, including methane, carbon dioxide content of 70%. Biogas to
be heavier than air, so remain in the bottom of the methane rich environment,
it is likely to cause acute systemic poisoning. Poisoning the lesser
performance, headache, dizziness; moderate poisoning visible facial flushing,
rapid heartbeat, sweating more; severe poisoning disease is more sinister,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), such as deep coma, fever, pulse
rate,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), shortness of breath, while there
incontinence. These patients, such as the rescue is not
timely,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), due to respiratory paralysis and
death. Although some patients after the rescue, escape, inevitably leave the
aftermath of the forgetfulness and mental disorders.

C

According to Chang's analysis, a few days before the the NG zero phone fell
into the toilet that he had been in the septic tank is likely to fishing
phone.

A

According to rescue the public Zheng Haijun speaking,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the septic tank is about two
meters deep, two meters wide, and standing. Fecal pool depth of about adult
knee deep flooded live person, but the abnormal pungent taste. "Out from the
pond, I think the head is very dizzy,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), feel like
drinking too much wine and wanted to lie down, estimated pool biogas reasons,
I think this is also my brother and two others were killed."

's brother have been plunged into the septic tank. It is regrettable that both
zero and after rescue Wu methane poisoning, killed. &lt;/p&gt;

"We have been sleeping, my husband Zheng Junliang hear Xiaoyun cries for
help,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), follow her to the store of Yueqing Fang rushed me to
the scene, my husband has jumped to save people, I shouted to the crowd of
people to called my husband's brother to save people. "with Zheng Junliang the
second rescuer wife DENG Hong said," Today, a husband is to save people did
not leave a 6-year-old daughter and son just turned 5 months, which makes the
whole family how to live! "

&lt;p&gt;The incident occurred at the the Linzhou Woodcrest Hill Office CAO
Jinjiazhuang Luban Avenue middle of Yue auto repair "store. The toilet is
located in the corner of the courtyard of the store,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), an area of ​​less than two
square meters, facilities are extremely simple: one side is they pit, while
accident septic tank mouth. This port length and width of less than 40 cm,
ordinary people, if a little fat are difficult to enter. Is a small entrance,
and even eats three live life.

Related Links

Zheng Haijun lifted his own shirt, exposing the arms and waist, multiple
abrasions,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), Le Hen. He said this is under the pond
was hurt, and all this because a cell phone triggered.

Yesterday afternoon, the director of the Forest City Public Security Bureau
Woodcrest Hill police station, Zhaojun Liang said preliminary police
investigations, Yueqing Fang Cheng Kar brothers were indeed have the pool to
save people, Wu zero, the Yueqing Fang, Zheng Junliang three very probably due
to pool siltation of biogas lead to suffocation and the victims. At present,
the police are doing further investigation.

Small septic tanks engulfed a series of three lives

B

For rescue workers boss collapsed septic tank

A series of entry is to save people, neighbors, brothers

Related articles:

  * [and teetered on the front windshield is not falling](http://alumni.esaunggul.ac.id/forum/index.php?topic=913761.msg1797809#msg1797809 "http://alumni.esaunggul.ac.id/forum/index.php?topic=913761.msg1797809#msg1797809" )
  * [believe it actually fell down](http://lxage.com/bbs/read.php?tid=57285 "http://lxage.com/bbs/read.php?tid=57285" )
  * [Looked Wu Shengfang smoothly into the delivery room](http://767655.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=40047 "http://767655.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=40047" )


##  Man arm boiler stuck three days of self-amputation survival

's arm,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), the doctor completed the final
amputation. The doctor said Metz survive the possibility of&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * ["Mother](http://how-to-make-software.com/free-blogging-software-and-their-features/ "http://how-to-make-software.com/free-blogging-software-and-their-features/" )
  * [coupled with sickles](http://99.gg/home/space.php?uid=127589&do=blog&id=264559 "http://99.gg/home/space.php?uid=127589&do=blog&id=264559" )
  * [although only 18 years old](http://www.violetriver.com/sfhis42kye/blog/although-only-18-years-old/ "http://www.violetriver.com/sfhis42kye/blog/although-only-18-years-old/" )


##  the trio lives without problems

&lt;p&gt;

,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" )

Subsequently,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), high-speed traffic police rushed
to the scene and arranged for the injured to a nearby hospital for tests.
Fortunately,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the trio lives without
problems,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), some skin trauma.

At this point,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), a car stopped in the off-road
vehicles side four or five people together to lift off-road vehicles that
alighted from the vehicle, three trapped was able to out of the car to climb
out of.

Xu police officers dealing with incidents, said: "caught a bee while driving
very wrong,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), at least find you can pull over
parking sections,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), until the car
stopped,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and then to drive away."

&lt;p&gt;It is understood that the car overturned, Miss He and two friends are
stuck on the inside get out, and then they hit the alarm call.

Fear of the bee sting, so we are anxious to put the bees driven out of the
car." Driver Anke memories,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoreonline.biz" ), was the car the other two to
catch the bees rush and worked hard, she could reach out from time to time to
catch a few, pay attention to power completely to the bee body. "And so my
eyes go down to the car in
front,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), found the car has deviated from the
direction,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), I quickly hit the steering wheel but
too late,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), the car rub on the fence and then roll."
&lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [Bulletin just issued at this time](http://www.gaodilaw.com/zw/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis99xwm.showtopic.127169.html "http://www.gaodilaw.com/zw/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis99xwm.showtopic.127169.html" )
  * [Zhao fraudulently obtained a total of 16 million yuan.](http://www.fjtqw.com/bbs/showtopic.aspx?topicid=3712&forumpage=1 "http://www.fjtqw.com/bbs/showtopic.aspx?topicid=3712&forumpage=1" )
  * [120 medical staff to check](http://my.601wan.com/space.php?uid=300&do=blog&id=10671 "http://my.601wan.com/space.php?uid=300&do=blog&id=10671" )


##  Adams Township

At this point,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the son of Qing-Hai Meng Meng Kun
(Adams Township, the wood white primary school principals) drive also come
here to see Yan learn to fight Zhang Likui, but also to see the curse Yan
Zhang Likui going up from the ditch school for. His foot kicked the Zhang
Likui the chest,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), kicked in the trench.

After the incident, Yan school, Meng Kun and Qing-Hai Meng fled the scene.
Day, the public security organs Yan learn as captured. Two days later, Meng
Kun surrendered by the public security organs. Soon, Qing-Hai Meng also
surrendered.

&lt;p&gt;Siping City Intermediate Court finds that the school Yan and Meng
Kun, intentional injury Zhang Likui caused the death. Yan learn the boxing
Zhang Likui head to down, causing brain stem contusion and rupture of blood
vessels. Meng Kun kicked Zhang Likui,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), kicked to the ground, so emotional,
causing the brain injury site bleeding increased,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), you
can speed up the death rate. Of Zhang Likui the cause of
death,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Yan learn the reasons force the
proportion of share of share of reason force ratio greater than Meng Kun.
Ultimately, the Court of First Instance in order to commit the crime of
intentional injury,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), sentenced Yan school for ten years
imprisonment,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), guilty of intentional injury Meng
Kun crime, sentenced to three years imprisonment, suspended for four years.

's Court to the crime of intentional injury of First Instance sentenced Yan
school ten years imprisonment and Meng Kun imprisonment for three years,
suspended for four years. &lt;/p&gt;

Uncle and nephew to each other to push the responsibility

Territories occur confusion

"I only hit the lower part of the punch of the Zhang Likui mouth,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), did not come across the nose wanted
to tussle,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), was not injured symptoms, Zhang Likui
up. Zhang Likui head injuries caused by Meng Kun kicking after being arrested,
Yan learn to put the responsibility pushed to the nephew of the body.

Zhang Likui pale green, the right nostril bleeding does not respond to lying
in the trench. Everyone he immediately carried to the roadside,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Meng Kun fight the 120 emergency
phone. The ambulance arrived after more than 20 minutes, Zhang Likui due to
head trauma caused by brain stem contusion, rupture of blood vessels caused by
the respiratory and circulatory failure death.

Know each other, get off Yan school is, Zhang Likui still argue over, Yan
learn to Zhang Likui struck down in the gutter within. Meng Lee to go and
Zhang Likui's favor, the results are Qing-Hai Meng grabbed two occurred tear.

"I just kicked Zhang Likui chest kick, found that he was injured, I have made
people buy to save the heart pill, a telephone call to 120." Meng Kun that the
direct cause of the death of Zhang Likui himself.

The afternoon of July 18, 2009, the the Shuangliao teacher Zhang Likui Since
wood Adams Township together to the village to visit relatives, and several
relatives sat his wife's nephew Meng Lee driving the car from the Heli Village
to Shuangliao urban walk. To advance the secondary school near the gravel,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), learn to work together to the village
the villagers Yan, driving cars meet. Road puddles,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), two car wants to go from a clean
place, head to head stopped. Yan school board of their brother-in-law, but
also work together to the village party branch secretary of the Qing-Hai Meng.

Related articles:

  * [angrily suicide. Police criticism and education](http://www.amct.asia/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=115922 "http://www.amct.asia/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=115922" )
  * ['s "special care"](http://corporatefusioninc.com/yabb/YaBB.pl?num=1343608110/0 "http://corporatefusioninc.com/yabb/YaBB.pl?num=1343608110/0" )
  * [00 in the morning and more](http://sjjyjjgc.web.ywwl.net/bbs/read.php?tid=17670 "http://sjjyjjgc.web.ywwl.net/bbs/read.php?tid=17670" )


##  Yang said

The second contest of strength to save a penny "lessons learned" Bank
&lt;/p&gt;

Bank statement depositor is interested in "difficulties"

&lt;p&gt;The next day,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), Mr. Cai grew more and more
angry,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), and prepare the bank of the "lessons
learned". He first opened a household with one hundred dollars, then took out
99 yuan corner nine minutes, after Mr. Cai is divided into seven sub-deposit 1
cent each time to account. Mr. Cai said, to do so, although there is a
subjective intent, he only wants the bank to recognize the problem.
However,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), in this process, the two sides did
not occur to any dispute.

The third day, September 6, Mr Choi is just a pen 50 yuan remittances remitted
Heilongjiang, he once again came to the Union a letter co-Branch. The staff
informed, to be charged a fee of 50 yuan, Mr Choi immediately raised
objections. The other explained,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), if not in their alliance credit cooperatives Branch accounts, it is
necessary to charge a fee of 50 yuan; If you open an account in the Union
letter together Branch, and only pay 5.5 yuan fee. Although Mr Choy in the
Union letter together Branch to open an account, but he did not bring your
passbook, anxious remittance only in accordance with no account transfer. Mr
Choi to leave, that something was wrong, after consultation that less than
5000 yuan remittance received only 1% of the fee ", which means that, by wire
transfer 50 yuan only charge 0.5 yuan fee. Looked at the Union the Xinhe
Branch received the fee 100 times higher,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), Mr. Cai Alliance Credit Cooperative Branch in "retaliation",[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), followed by the other court.

Yang said,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), things that cause
100,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
),000 yuan deposit, the same day he let the handling staff to call to
apologize, Mr. Xiang Cai remittance incident, he immediately felt wrong,
criticized the managers,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and called Cai President, would
like to refund the overcharged fees, but the series several times to get
through. Yang believes that the matter was referred to this point, both sides
have reasons for their staff service problems, as depositor, should respect
the bank.

The third contest of strength Meeting 50 $ 50 processing fee

Why Alliance credit cooperatives bureaus do this The person in charge of Mr.
Yang admitted that they did violate this provision, but the staff that Mr Choy
again and again to the "difficulties",[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), so when Mr.
Tsai on the third day to the remittance,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), we thought he
was in "trouble", they throw you charge 50 yuan fee to scare off Mr. Cai did
not think Mr. Tsai really did.

, Based upon the current standard to charge a fee in accordance with the
"People's Bank of China on the specification electronic transfer fees Seniors
(2001) 385] Article: Bank for settlement account with the Bank personal
remittance 1% of the amount of remittance, ie,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), less than 5000
yuan remittances charge 5000 yuan (inclusive) above, be charged 50 yuan each,
shall not charge the electronic transfer fees.

Related articles:

  * [killed seven people](http://bbs.0567.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3379 "http://bbs.0567.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3379" )
  * [my family will lose a husband](http://mrspriggley.com/thread-428769-1-1.html "http://mrspriggley.com/thread-428769-1-1.html" )
  * [the high content of iron in the small Lu Lu blood](http://51juan.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=348 "http://51juan.org/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=348" )


##  on behalf of the points 1000 points

"In accordance with the provisions of the Regulations on Travel Agencies
operating tourism business must have a business license in order to protect
the interests of consumers,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the law requires regular travel
agencies are required to pay a certain amount of travel quality deposits,
which have been approved to operate domestic travel travel agents to provide
20 ten thousand yuan retention money has been approved to operate outbound
travel agents again to provide the retention money of 1.2 million yuan. Hefei
Tourism Quality Supervision director Xing
Liping,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the pre-unannounced visits, last
Friday afternoon,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the city tourism quality prisons
Yaohai Branch Trade and Industry Bureau and Hefei joint on the illegal
institutions carried out a public inquiry. The survey date, the club on the
wall posters' free travel on Hong Kong and Macao four days three nights',
'1000 Yuan Yuan three-night tour 'in Hong Kong and Macao on the 4th attractive
advertisement,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), which shows that this is not only an illegal
engaged in tourism business institutions, but also suspected of operating a
zero or negative fare business. "when face of door survey of law enforcement
officers, the staff of the club refused to cooperate with one claiming to be
the person in charge of Ms. also plausibly explained that the business license
and other documents are processed, they are not illegal.
Subsequently,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), law enforcement officers
confiscated computers, printers and other equipment of the illegal
institutions. "The business sector has asked the agency to accept the deal
this afternoon to the Trade and Industry Bureau. I would also like to remind
the general public,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), travel, be sure to choose a
qualified travel agent, beware of straying into the trap,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), a problem difficult to protect
their own interests. "Xing Liping said.

's travel routes marked on the recommendation of how much money a person but
how many points a person,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), such as Huangshan day tour is 443
points / the Jiuhuashan day tour is 370 points / person,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the day tour of Thousand Island Lake
is 460 points / Xidi Hongcun day tour is 340 points / person, day tour of
Shanghai World Expo 1058 points / person, and even South Korea travel outbound
business is business scope within the offer is 2,000 points / person. The
club's membership form is 1000 yuan for basic conditions,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com" ), on behalf of the points 1000
points, as long as the membership can be free to visit Hong Kong and Macao to
participate in activities more corresponding points the return will be more,
so the club has also played into the trip Friends of free travel the world
"slogan. In addition,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the club also encouraged old member
with Membership Membership Member of tourists,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), the club does not personally
outings, but then the members "resold" to other travel agencies. &lt;/p&gt;

Bluff is still to be investigated

&lt;p&gt;The face of law enforcement insisted that "not illegal"

Related articles:

  * [In the morning](http://www.c3careerarticles.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=2676128 "http://www.c3careerarticles.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=2676128" )
  * [so that they are tired.](http://epizhou.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=58500 "http://epizhou.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=58500" )
  * [00 we see a child was wheeled into the emergency room rescue](http://myforum.mall-2u.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=77823&extra= "http://myforum.mall-2u.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=77823&extra=" )


##  Mother was the daughter torn textbooks let street kneeling O

猧愠瑣潩獮猠楴汬映敥⁬敶祲愠杮祲മ⼼㹰瀼숾슠슠䎠牯潰慲⁬異楮桳敭瑮漠⁲敢慣獵⁥景琠敨琠慥⁲整瑸潢歯൳⼼㹰瀼䤾⁴獩甠摮牥瑳潯⁤桴瑡琠敨氠瑩汴⁥楧汲欠敮汥湩⁧潴
琠敨挠浯畭楮祴琠敨搠潯Ⱳ眠慥楲杮瀠湡獴洠獡楴慣整‮楆慮汬ⱹ椠⁮⁡汰捡⁥敮牡琠敨丠牯桴匠捥湯⁤楒杮删慯Ɽ琠敨朠物❬⁳潭桴牥琠⁯敳⁥潴⁯慭祮瀠潥汰⁥慷捴楨杮‬敬
⁴敨⁲灵‬桴獩琠浩ⱥ琠敨朠物❬⁳敬獧挠湡渠瑯猠慴摮猠牴楡桧ⱴ礠畯⁲湫敥⁳牡⁥桳歡湩⁧潳戠湥⹴㰍瀯㰾㹰湏⁥敲楳敤瑮猠楡Ɽ∠湯⁥景琠敨氠瑩汴⁥楧汲椠⁳⁡敲瑮污栠
畯敳潨摬⁳牡⁥潮⁴慦業楬牡眠瑩ⱨ愠摮甠畳污祬漠汮⁹敳⁥敨⁲潭桴牥琠⁯楲敤愠⁮汥捥牴捩挠牡琠⁯楰正栠牥甠⁰湡⁤潤湷‬桴⁥楧汲愠潢瑵琠湥礠慥獲漠摬∮吠污楫杮愠潢
瑵琠敨洠瑯敨⁲景琠敨氠瑩汴⁥楧汲洠摡⁥敨⁲湫敥⁬楬敮‬⁡桔⁥敲楳敤瑮猠楡㩤∠⁉敨牡⁤桴瑡搠祡挠楨摬敲⁮捳潨汯戠潯⁫潴琠慥Ⱳ愠摮栠牥洠瑯敨⁲獩瘠牥⁹湡牧⁹湡⁤
捳汯敤⁤敨⁲潢歯⁳牡⁥潴湲愠獬⁯潧琠⁯捳潨汯琠⁯潤‬湡⁤桴湥瀠湵獩⁨敨⁲湫敥楬杮搠睯⁮潴朠⹯ഢ⼼㹰瀼숾슠咠敨洠橡牯瑩⁹景琠敨瀠扵楬⁣潤渠瑯愠牧敥眠瑩൨⼼㹰瀼
吾敨氠瑩汴⁥楧汲欠敮汥湩⁧潤湷琠⁯慷歬‬慭祮瀠潥汰❥⁳楦獲⁴敲捡楴湯椠⁳潴映敥⁬慢Ɽ琠敨瀠潥汰⁥景琠楨⁳楢獡椠⁮⁡慨獲⁨慷⁹景攠畤慣楴湯椠⁳污潳洠硩摥‮䴢獵
⁴摥捵瑡⁥桴⁥档汩牤湥洠歡⁥業瑳歡獥‬畢⁴桴獩瀠湵獩浨湥⁴獩琠潯栠牡⁤湯挠楨摬敲⹮䤠搠⁯潮⁴条敲⁥楷桴琠楨⁳慷⁹景攠畤慣楴湯‬慭⁹敢挠畯瑮牥牰摯捵楴敶∮倠扵
楬⁣慙杮䰠⁩慳摩‬䤢愠⁭污潳愠㔠礭慥⵲汯⁤潭桴牥漠⁦桴⁥档汩⁤敶祲渠畡桧祴‬畢⁴⁉慴敫愠琠汯牥湡⁴瑡楴畴敤‮ഢ⼼㹰瀼∾潃摬眠慥桴牥‬牦穯湥欠敮ⱥ栠睯琠⁯潤‬
桷湥琠⁯潤椠⁴桴⁥潭桴牥眠汩⁬敲牧瑥愠氠晩瑥浩⹥•畐汢捩匠畨畨⁡楤瑳敲獳摥愠摮猠楡Ɽ∠潳栠牡桳攠畤慣楴湯漠⁦桴⁥档汩牤湥猧瀠票楳慣⁬湡⁤敭瑮污搠癥汥灯敭瑮椠
⁳湵敨污桴ⱹ椠橮牵摥愠挠楨摬猧猠汥ⵦ獥整浥琠敨映瑵牵⁥敤敶潬浰湥⁴景琠敨挠楨摬渠⁯潧摯‮ഢ⼼㹰瀼∾潎⁷桴⁥摥捵瑡潩⁮景琠敨挠楨摬猧渠⁯桳牯慴敧漠⁦眧汯敶⁳慦
桴牥Ⱗ✠潷晬洠瑯敨Ⱳ‧畯⁲牴摡瑩潩慮⁬畣瑬牵ⱥ挠牯潰慲⁬異楮桳敭瑮栠獡戠敥⁮慳摩✠湵敤⁲桴⁥瑳捩獫‬灳楯⁬桴⁥档汩❤‬慭慮楧杮琠敨挠楨摬敲⁮桴牥⁥獩渠瑯楨杮
眠潲杮‬畢⁴摥捵瑡潩⁮浩牰癯浥湥獴‬潴氠潯⁫瑡琠敨挠楨摬猧猠牴湥瑧獨‮攢杮条摥椠⁮摥捵瑡潩慮⁬潷歲琠敨吠潡䜠湥楬⁮潦⁲潭敲琠慨⁮〱礭慥⵲汯⁤档汩Ɽ猠敨眠汩⁬
潮⁴潣浭瑩愠祮攠牲牯漠⁦牰湩楣汰ⱥ渠⁯潭敲琠慨⁮潭敭瑮牡⁹楲敳琠⁯潤愠眠潲杮‬獡氠湯⁧獡吠敨瀠牡湥獴漠⁦慰楴湥散眠瑩⁨桴⁥楫獤洠歡⁥瑩挠敬牡琠慨⁴档汩牤湥挠
湡猠楴汬甠摮牥瑳湡⁤桴楥⁲睯⁮牷湯⹧吠敨瀠牵潰敳漠⁦異楮桳敭瑮椠⁳潮⁴潴瀠湵獩⁨畢⁴異楮桳‬畢⁴湩漠摲牥琠⁯捡楨癥⁥桴⁥晥敦瑣漠⁦湩散瑮癩獥‬桴獩瀠湵獩浨湥
⁴獩漠汮⁹档汩牤湥映慥Ⱳ搠敯⁳潮⁴敮散獳牡汩⁹汰祡眠慨⁴摥捵瑡潩慮⁬潲敬മ⼼㹰瀼ꂖ攠灸牥⁴灯湩潩൮⼼㹰瀼숾咠慥档湩⁧档汩牤湥琠⁯獵⁥桴⁥栢慥瑲ഢ⼼㹰瀼∾潓
敭猠瑥慢正⁳湩攠畤慣楴湯洠獵⁴敢琠歡湥椠⁮桴⁥慦業祬攠畤慣楴湯‬畢⁴桴⁥牦獵牴瑡潩⁮景攠畤慣楴湯攠畱癩污湥⁴潴瘠潩敬据⁥摥捵瑡潩⹮匠湵栠慥瑲䬠湩瀠祳档汯杯捩
污搠物捥潴⁲景琠敨䌠湥整⁲湩䄠桮極倠潲楶据ⱥ䄠桮極倠潲楶据ⱥ匠捯敩祴漠⁦獰捹潨潬楧慣⁬潣湵敳楬杮‬楶散瀠敲楳敤瑮䨠䅉䝎䨠湵猠祡⹳㰍瀯㰾㹰效猠楡⁤桴⁥楧汲猧洠
瑯敨⁲慨⁳慴敫⁮⁡畮扭牥漠⁦異楮楴敶洠慥畳敲⁳牦浯琠敨瀠牥灳捥楴敶漠⁦摥捵瑡湩⁧桴⁥档汩牤湥‬潳琠敨猠慴瑲湩⁧潰湩⁴獩渠瑯琠⁯慳⁹桴瑡椠⁴慣⁮潮⹴䈠瑵渠敥⁤
潴戠⁥敲業摮摥琠慨⁴潣灲牯污瀠湵獩浨湥⁴慣⁮湯祬爠灥敲敳瑮瀠牡湥獴椠⁮慦業祬攠畤慣楴湯‬湩潣灭瑥湥散‬桷湥礠畯爠楡敳愠栠湡Ɽ瀠敬獡⁥敲業摮礠畯獲汥㩦䤠氠捡⁫
桴⁥扡汩瑩⁹潴攠畤慣整琠敨物挠楨摬敲⁮敢潦敲琠歡湩⁧畳档瘠潩敬瑮洠瑥潨獤‮畓档琠灩⁳楷汬洠歡⁥潹牵洠潯⁤瑳扡汩穩摥‮潃灲牯污瀠湵獩浨湥⁴慣⁮慣獵⁥档汩牤湥瀠
祳档汯杯捩污琠慲浵ⱡ琠敨琠慲浵⁡牢畯桧⁴扡畯⁴祢氠睯猠汥ⵦ獥整浥‬潴愠慢摮湯洠獹汥⁦潴琠敨攠潭楴湯污攠灸牥敩据ⱥ眠楨档洠祡戠⁥湩琠敨挠楨摬猧氠晩⁥潣牵敳猠慴
敧⁳晡敦瑣琠敨栠慥瑬票朠潲瑷⁨景挠楨摬敲❮⁳獰捹潨潬祧മ⼼㹰瀼䨾䅉䝎䨠湵‬畳杧獥獴琠慨⁴慰敲瑮⁳湩愠瀠扵楬⁣汰捡ⱥ愠灰潲牰慩整琠⁯摡灯⁴桴⁥慲楤慣⁬慬杮慵敧
愠摮戠桥癡潩⁲摥捵瑡潩⁮潦⁲档汩牤湥‬敢慣獵⁥档汩牤湥栠癡⁥敳晬攭瑳敥Ɑ琠敨渠敥⁤獩琠⁯獵⁥桴⁥栢慥瑲•景攠畤慣楴湯മ⼼㹰瀼唾敳朠潯⁤潴琠慥档挠楨摬敲⁮潧摯
㰍瀯㰾㹰湉猠硩漠⁦效敦⁩桓⁩楙獮敨杮琠慥档牥戠汥敩敶⁳桴瑡琠敨琠敲瑡敭瑮漠⁦桴⁥档汩❤⁳牥潲⁲楦獲⁴景愠汬‬桴⁥牰灯牥愠瑴瑩摵⁥景琠汯牥湡散‬桴⁥湯祬爠慥⁬
晥敦瑣漠⁦潴敬慲据⁥湯琠敨戠獡獩漠⁦摥捵瑡潩⁮潴愠捣獥⁳潴攠畤慣楴湯映牯愠汬攠畤慣潴獲‮晏挠畯獲ⱥ琠汯牥湡散椠⁳潮⁴煥慵⁬潴挠湯楮敶愠⁴桴⁥敮散獳牡⁹異楮桳
敭瑮映牯琠敨挠楨摬猧攠牲牯洠獵⁴敢琠敨洠瑥潨⁤景瀠湵獩浨湥⁴慣⁮慰敲瑮⁳污潬⁷桴楥⁲档汩⁤潴愠瀠潲業敳渠瑯欠灥ⱴ漠⁲整灭牯牡⁹慢⁮湯琠敨挠楨摬敲⁮潴瀠牡楴楣
慰整椠⁮湡愠瑣癩瑩⁹桴瑡栠⁥楬敫⁳潴瀠牡楴楣慰整椠⁮楨⁳景愠映浡汩⁹潮⁴楷汬湩⁧潴氠扡牯‬桴⁥異灲獯⁥景瀠湵獩浨湥⁴獩琠⁯敬⁴桴⁥档汩牤湥攠灸牥敩据⁥潴琠敨
眠潲杮挠獯⁴潴挠牯敲瑣琠敨攠牲牯愠⁳潳湯愠⁳潰獳扩敬‬桴⁥潢瑴浯氠湩⁥景瀠湵獩浨湥⁴獩琠⁯敫灥琠敨挠楨摬猧瀠票楳慣⁬湡⁤敭瑮污栠牡⹭㰍瀯㰾㹰效猠楡⁤桴瑡攠畤
慣楴湯‬景整⁮慳摩琠慨⁴敷猠潨汵⁤獵⁥潧摯挠畨捲⁨楫摮栭慥瑲摥挠楨摬‬桴⁥潭桴牥洠祡琠慥档挠楨摬敲⁮湩琠敨映瑵牵⁥楬敦漠⁮桴⁥潲摡漠⁦湩潴敬慲据⁥楷桴椠瑮汯
牥湡散‬潦⁲硥浡汰ⱥ猠敨琠敲瑡栠牥漠湷挠楨摬猧映瑵牵⁥瑡楴畴敤琠⁯牴慥⁴污⁬楬敦吠敨愠瑴瑩摵⁥景琠敨漠桴牥琠楨杮⁳楷汬戠⁥湡椠浭慥畳慲汢⁥晥敦瑣‮桔⁥潭桴牥
猧戠桥癡潩⁲獩愠瘠潩慬楴湯漠⁦桴⁥畊敶楮敬倠潲整瑣潩⁮捁ⱴ愠摮椠⁳畳敲琠⁯敢椠⁮⁡潦敲杩⁮潣湵牴⁹牡⁥畳橢捥⁴潴樠摵捩慩⁬湩整癲湥楴湯മ⼼㹰瀼ꂖ䘠牵桴牥删
慥楤杮㰍瀯㰾㹰吢杩牥洠瑯敨⁲潷晬搠摡攠畤慣楴湯戠൹⼼㹰瀼∾楔敧⁲潭≭䄠祭䌠畨ⱡ挠楨摬敲⁮敤敶潬⁰桴⁥敔⁮潃浭湡浤湥獴椠瑮⁯睴⁯慤杵瑨牥ⱳ挠污敬⁤楨獭汥⁦琢敨
挠牵敳‬桴⁥楨桧栭湡敤湤獥⁳景琠牨慥獴‬牢扩獥‬湩畤散敭瑮ⱳ爠煥極楲杮挠楨摬敲⁮潴攠晦牯獴愠潬杮琠敨瀠牡湥獴映牯琠敨物挠潨敳⁮慰桴∮㜠礭慥⵲汯⁤楧汲‬桴⁥楰
湡⁯楰捥⁥潣汵⁤潮⁴慭瑳牥眠獡映牯散⁤潴栠癡⁥敢湥琠慲湩摥琠⁯桴⁥楮桧⁴晡整⁲楤湮牥‬桴⁥業摤敬椠⁳潮⁴污潬敷⁤潴搠楲歮眠瑡牥漠⁲潴汩瑥‮桔獩欠湩⁤景攠畤慣
楴湯琠敨物挠楨摬敲⁮桴⁥慷⁹潭瑳瀠牡湥獴椠⁮桃湩⁡桷⁯慣⁮敳⹥䠠睯癥牥‬畳档愠栠牡桳愠灰潲捡⁨潴攠畤慣楴湯‬⁡桃湩獥⁥牰景獥潳⁲景夠污⁥湕癩牥楳祴䌠楡挠楨摬
敲⁮潴眠楲整愠戠潯⁫湯琠敨瀠牡湥楴杮‬桴獩琠杩牥洠瑯敨⁲慢瑴敬猠湯⁧⠢慂瑴敬䠠浹⁮景琠敨楔敧⁲潍桴牥 潢歯瀠扵楬桳湩Ⱨ搠瑥湯瑡摥愠潲湵⁤桴⁥潷汲⁤楤捳獵敳⁤
湩攠畤慣楴湯污洠瑥潨獤漠⁦桴⁥慅瑳愠摮圠獥⹴㰍瀯㰾㹰吢敨眠汯⁦慤⁤楘潡慢⁩潙⁵楷汬戠⁥桃湩獥⁥牴摡瑩潩慮⁬摥捵瑡潩⁮湩挠湯番据楴湯眠瑩⁨桴楥⁲湵敤獲慴摮湩Ⱨ
挠敲瑡湩⁧⁡湵煩敵•楘潡猧攠畤慣楴湯污琠敨牯⹹䠠⁥摡潶慣整⁤栢灡楰敮獳攠畤慣楴湯•潴慤ⱹ猠慴摮湩⁧慣敮愠摮愠映慥桴牥搠獵整Ⱳ琠敨洠獯⁴牴摡瑩潩慮⁬慷⁹潴攠畤
慣整挠楨摬敲⹮䠠⁥污慷獹戠汥敩敶⁤桴瑡朠敲⁷灵椠⁮桃湩ⱡ琠敨䌠楨敮敳搠癥汥灯敭瑮漠⁦桴⁥档汩⁤畭瑳戠⁥摥捵瑡摥眠瑩⁨牴摡瑩潩慮⁬摥捵瑡潩慮⁬敭桴摯⹳⼼㹰瀼�
,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ) Related articles:

  * [Li x Star has been held in administrative detention.](http://sollerthoughts.co.uk/2009/06/04/adopting-enterprise-2-0-for-managing-my-project-teams-based-across-continents/ "http://sollerthoughts.co.uk/2009/06/04/adopting-enterprise-2-0-for-managing-my-project-teams-based-across-continents/" )
  * [a child's psychological pressure](http://www.huianw.com/thread-228864-1-1.html "http://www.huianw.com/thread-228864-1-1.html" )
  * [ A year ago](http://e-zhifu.com/bbs/showtopic-8194.aspx "http://e-zhifu.com/bbs/showtopic-8194.aspx" )


##  more than a few days around the school

In this regard,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), the scene said a staff member because
undergraduates immediately after the entrance ceremony to be held in the
graduate school entrance ceremony,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the
midfielder a very short time. It is understood that universities generally
considered part of the field escort parents to participate in the opening
ceremony, more than a few days around the school,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), taking into account the savings are generally not
invited they left behind to wait for the ceremony.

In fact,[michael kors outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com" ), the freshmen at the opening
ceremony but not the parental figure is very common in the country. Colleges
and universities in the Mainland at the opening ceremony,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz
"http://www.airjordanpascherefrance.biz" ), graduation ceremony,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), the basic are very few parents to participate in
this form a sharp contrast with foreign universities. In foreign
universities,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), regardless of the new
school,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), or graduate students,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the school will always be at the
ceremony site specifically placed a row of seats of the
parents,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), for parents and children to share
the glory and joy. Some well-known foreign universities will also invite
parents to participate in the graduation ceremony regarded as an extremely
important work, by the President personally signed invitations to parents.

's nascent alma mater. "Because time is running
out,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
so this time we only invite the local secondary school principals to
participate. The future we will gradually broaden invited to the school an
Admissions staff. &lt;/p&gt;

Parents unable to attend the students have regrets

&lt;p&gt;But these claims can not be fully recognized by the parents. A
newborn parents said: "really want to see the opening ceremony of the child
and told me specifically I am willing to leave." Many higher education experts
also believe that allowing parents to attend the opening ceremony,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), is also education students to be thankful for the
excellent manner.

Related articles:

  * [Why Maiji](http://www.pinyou.us/thread-474-1-1.html "http://www.pinyou.us/thread-474-1-1.html" )
  * [California on October 16.](http://www.the-back-row.com/index.php/2011/03/01/ "http://www.the-back-row.com/index.php/2011/03/01/" )
  * [Recently](http://tougao.cfan.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=40443 "http://tougao.cfan.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=40443" )


##  go there tomorrow. They found the illegal fake products

In the second half of 1997, the counter of a mall in Chengdu, with only tens
of dollars worth of decorative jewelry, posing as the value of some one
thousand 24K gold jewelry. Liu Jiang and partners in a number of occasions to
visit the mall,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), each bought more than 1,000
jewelry, recorded dialogue with the salesman, as evidence, then turn jewelry,
take it identified further business to produce the authority of the proof of
identification. Accordingly claims, the general time awarded several thousand
dollars.

Liu Jiang, saying the online public the letter distributed throughout industry
and commerce, pharmaceutical, broadcasting, and other departments, there are
hundreds around the corresponding response,[air jordan pas cher](http://www
.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), these
sectors have on the reports of Liu Jiang welcomed and thanked them, the vast
majority said that it has investigation, rectification, many illegal false
advertising to stop publishing the broadcast. The other hand, according to
crackdown cooperation provided by Liu Jiang crackdown mode, Liu Jiang, false
advertising, according to media release, the purchase of drugs, health care
products, and then release party claim. Liu Jiang had not shy about that, the
counterfeiting of "driving force" claim. The claim is the way of his pursuit
of profit maximization.

Step with the top

In addition, earlier media reports, Liu Jiang happy to talk about to encounter
the threat of a variety of forces,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), with each
other "battle of wits", and wrote many letters testament story. 2003, married,
had children in 2004, Liu Jiang said the more cautious and more low-key, worry
about their own anti-counterfeiting hurt the family.

Starting point: 1996

Ye have not heard be held criminally liable for false advertising

Friends, "the pig pig brain: even if the Liu Jiang claims after leave, even if
the crackdown without supervision, but also how He did not have the obligation
of supervision! His behavior is not illegal, should be protected.

At present,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), he has monitored nearly one hundred
cities, districts, county television, collected a large number of
irregularities fake pharmaceuticals, medical devices and health products
advertising video. "According to the Criminal Code provides for the crime of
false advertising, advertisers, advertising operators and advertisement
publishers violation of state regulations, the use of advertising for goods or
services for the false propaganda, more than 100,000 yuan of illegal income,
or other serious circumstances, the be held criminally responsible. "Liudian
Lin said, why have not heard of false advertising, false advertising be held
criminally responsible

As of yesterday, "Liu Jiang, saying" the latest online bulletin information is
still to stop Liu Jiang rights crackdown Hotline published on August 19, the
site no longer connected. Liu Jiang, going on 14 years of anti-counterfeiting
career temporarily to a standstill, he himself stood on the cusp of a
professional fake and legal boundaries.

Xinhuanet, Sina, Xinmin, Tencent ... Yesterday, more than 30 sites reproduced
the Chengdu Business Daily reported on Liu Jiang, the major site forum users
have to express their views, the sounds all tit for tat.

Disguised form of "extortion" VS justice crackdown

The one hand, many public opinion support and encourage the other hand,
questioned the accused's voice never many. This controversy is still mostly
around public welfare and self-interest during the crackdown, but self-serving
and anti-counterfeiting is criminal and otherwise strict legal boundaries. As
Liu Jiang couple, a lawyer, one of the Po Hu said that the commercial-style
crackdown there are controversial issues to be explored over the legal
boundaries but in this counterfeiting process, is suspected of a crime, you
must be strict and rigorous process of investigation conclusive evidence.

Friends, "old customer": By the report on behalf of the television, actually
extortion dealer. Should resolutely crack down on criminals seek illegal
interests by counterfeiting the name of.

Liu Jiang, saying "network, the entire course of crackdown in 14 years
described in more detail: since 1996 embarked on rights crackdown roads in
accordance with the law since, in
Chengdu,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Chongqing, Guangzhou, Shanghai,
Beijing, Wuhan, Kunming, Harbin of eight more than a dozen cities on the
counterfeit, fake health food, fake cosmetics, fake brand-name goods, fake
claims, on several occasions with law enforcement agencies to fight against
counterfeit dens.

Liu Jiang repeatedly said in an interview rights crackdown to clean up the
market, safeguard the interests of consumers ". Liu Jiang, saying "online,"
Everyone is a consumer, anti-counterfeiting rights for all "slogan. In other
words, Liu Jiang crackdown banner in the public interest.

User: Liu Jiang, the first claim success, but also every other year claims.
From this point of view, that he is the name of the crackdown under the
pretext of the real line extortion.

IMPACT 14: turn to study of law after being detained by the security

Friends, "morning dew": If you do not claim, match-fixing but where's the
funding Go here, go there tomorrow. They found the illegal fake products
(advertising), claims to each other, to prevent illegal by reporting false.
Liu Jiang, an ordinary citizen,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), to the personal power to do the
things of this was not his terms of reference. I believe our law enforcement
who have sharp eyes.

, Liu Jiang also found a similar counter to buy a consignment site claims.
Ignore counters boss. Liu Jiang, the two partners bought fake swing at the
mall entrance, head tied to "pursue justice" slogan, hooked on the "× × × sale
of counterfeits," the posters. Moment attracted onlookers, Liu Jiang,
passersby about the situation. As a result counters the boss had rushed out to
respectfully please go Liu Jiang, the matter of the claim carried out
smoothly.

Means of such a crackdown in 2000, to achieve the ultimate. February 1 of the
year,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Liu Jiang,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and five "peer" came to a shopping
mall in Chengdu, said in the morning in the mall to buy shampoo, hair care
products without the approval number of the health sector, requirements of the
mall "to the argument". But shopping malls that they "know buying Fake"
professional fake, refused the claim. Liu Jiang pulled out pre-prepared yellow
tape at the scene, bar on the forehead, shouting "the sale of counterfeits,"
holding the rights slogans in shopping malls within the customer, and taking
an aggressive insulting language, and also knocked the mall for some
commodities. Mall side of this process the video and called the police twice.
Police made three people, including Liu Jiang security detention to 15 days of
punishment. At that time during the Spring Festival, Liu Jiang in jail a
memorable Chinese New Year.

Liu Jiang also started a personal crackdown site: Liu Jiang argument
(originally called Tianfu Human Rights Defenders). The website information
display, Liu Jiang in all complaint letters will be issued by positioning
itself as the "Chinese professional counterfeiting activist. A dedicated
Internet laws and regulations column lists the total of 29 laws and
regulations in addition to more than 40 documents published by national and
local industry and commerce, pharmaceutical, quality control and other
departments of policy.

Internet users hot

As of August 19 this year the Wanzhou taken away by police on suspicion of
criminal Jingfangxingju, Liu Jiang crackdown 14 years.

2005, mainly for the media of false and illegal advertisements for match-
fixing claims. Liu Jiang said French rolling announcement stated: Liu Jiang
(false advertising) media breakthrough in 1000 against 14 provinces.

The netizen "Xiaohao": Liu Jiang, two from each other to get the claim shall,
without even tougher to continue to prevent this kind of false advertising, up
to that, Liu Jiang, there is not enough public service realm. However, this
can not be said that he is extortion The conviction must have a strict legal
procedures, improve the evidence of the job.

Buy moldy crooked smoke, awarded 2000 yuan

Banner: the interests of consumers

​​counterfeiting, of course, harm the interests of others. Crackdown encounter
such a situation is inevitable, which is to do this line is bound to bear the
cost of risk. Hai seen on the matter of the Chengdu Business Daily reported,
said Liu Jiang is as a consumer to claim compensation, then does not exist, is
a very good thing, should be promoted. However, if the informants identity to
obtain money, I'm afraid on suspicion of extortion.

Criminal law crime of false advertising

Liu Jiang, born in 1965 in Chengdu, Sichuan, since childhood, his parents
died. Because of the Theft was sentenced three times, the good performance of
the prison sentence was commuted to four years for early release. Liu Jiang,
the readme to a number of media, 1996, in Anshun Bridge, a smoke shop to buy a
moldy crooked smoke, so to find a business theory and subsequent consultations
for 2000 yuan of compensation for this have been inspired to embark on the
road of professional counterfeiting .

The opinion of the professional fake people questioned is that the The
crackdown person to public welfare as the slogan, the essence of the claim for
money, this money-making. In this regard, Wang Hai's views and attitudes are:
to recognize that the public welfare and will not crackdown crackdown benefits
or reduce the transfer, the reason why the "Consumer Law", "Food Safety Law"
and other laws and regulations to establish punitive
damages,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), is because the country people to take
advantage of the benefits or reduce resistance to counterfeiting, which is the
process of a gradual return to common sense. Public welfare to become a
profitable tool in order to better achieve public interest objectives.

Study of law after the turning point: to be punished do personal website
crackdown

The core of the dispute

Liu Dianlin

The Liu Dianlin professional fake anti-counterfeiting, false advertising for
TV,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), stay in the guesthouse in the field
of forensics, transportation costs, the purchase of these goods suspected of
violating the law, and then ascertain whether false, need to spend money, and
the cost of their own pre-shoulder. In the end, after careful verification,
and perhaps the other side is not false. "I think it is understandable that as
a professional fake people,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), do not go beyond the legal bottom
line on the basis of the claim return. Liudian Lin said, those who oppose and
abuse of the voice on the network, mostly from their opponents, is The
crackdown side.

Hai For example, Riverside 3000 enterprises of the Rhine is why always so
clear Not a German high moral character, but the German-engineered system for
making engaged in sewage treatment become a very profitable line of business.
Of listed companies in the United States Why not blatant fraud like some of
China's listed companies investors Not a listed company in the United States
conscience, the most important thing is that American "hate lawyers" at any
time may use the class action to fight the fake of the listed companies, and
thus half of the huge compensation paid to the shareholders. Feel
Hai,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Liu Jiang, the XingJu For the
occupation crackdown groups do not have a great impact. In this case, also
need evidence and further investigation.

Friends, "Vatican China": This behavior is a disguised form of "blackmail"
justice crackdown behavior worthy of our support, but as a means of making a
profit is very shameful.

User: even if Liu Jiang, the starting point is to make money, but also because
of the emergence of false things, the crackdown who take advantage of. While
grasping Liu Jiang, he reported advertisers, advertising, broadcast unit at
the same time penalties.

Liu Jiang was later interviewed by the media, said that this punishment is a
turning point in his counterfeiting career, he recognized that counterfeiting
is the need of professional legal knowledge. Liu Jiang's home, a 40 m2 storage
room, which is the Advertising Law, the Drug Administration Law, Consumer Law
and other law books, foreign books related to the crackdown, and the Ministry
of Health, General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and
Quarantine and other government The department issued a variety of standards.

Professional fake people, the last in 2012, false television advertising in
particular, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, health products, false food the
effectiveness of advertising, counterfeiting scope and direction of one.

Restore Liu Jiang

Extreme: the 2000 "knowing fake buy fake" words and deeds of radical detained

Power: claims ranked first

Related articles:

  * [and previously in the second prize of a Note](http://www.mood.mrbutterfly.fr/index.php/members/home "http://www.mood.mrbutterfly.fr/index.php/members/home" )
  * [and said many things](http://www.maison-nicolas-perrin.com/2012/06/stirring-the-lees-with-james-molesworth.php#comments "http://www.maison-nicolas-perrin.com/2012/06/stirring-the-lees-with-james-molesworth.php#comments" )
  * [plates and stop smashed in the door of the house](http://www.premiermindset.com/turnkey/blog.php?user=nihaoz4z0&blogentry_id=189026 "http://www.premiermindset.com/turnkey/blog.php?user=nihaoz4z0&blogentry_id=189026" )


##  but still higher than the actual age or some.

of 20 years,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and now looks like more than 40
years old to be old,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), but still higher than the actual age
or some. &lt;/p&gt;

Xiaoqin causes of
morbidity,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the Li Yuhua,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), director of the Pearl River Hospital,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), said the gene mutation,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com" ), it is recommended Xiaoqin to
do chromosome check.

Related articles:

  * [the bed can also be opened. "Xu Yan said](http://hacktivision.com/index.php/ "http://hacktivision.com/index.php/" )
  * [40-year-old harbor area](http://szyxtx.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9076 "http://szyxtx.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9076" )
  * [the risk is smaller and less costly](http://www.younggayamerica.net/activity/p/1302/ "http://www.younggayamerica.net/activity/p/1302/" )


##  the public security

&lt;p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;July 28, Stone City Board of Education has ordered two schools have
been punished for candidates for refund processing. At present, the public
security, discipline inspection and other multi-sectoral composition of the
survey group, is incident to conduct a comprehensive investigation.

It is understood that some of Candidates to the status of outstanding young
people of the coal enterprises to take the exam due to file fraud is being
investigated in early July this year,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), discipline inspection departments
of Hebei Province had been involved in the investigation.

's repeat students advice. &lt;/p&gt;

Ding finally informed the parents of the other end of said school
violations,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), has been investigated.

Admissions Office,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Ding said, yesterday
morning,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Shi Yuhua
District,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Bureau of Education to the school to
find the principal Han Yinghui,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), took the official seal of the
school to recover the educational qualifications.

Ding said the teacher,[michael kors
outlet](http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletstoresonline.com" ), Currently, the school
admissions office only to leave his people,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), to have
participated in this year's college entrance grant students admission notice,
in addition,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), a refund of repeat students have
signed up this year.

There are still parents consulting repeat matters

The investigation team is conducting a comprehensive survey

Yesterday, this newspaper disclosed the event of high candidates to file fraud
is being investigated,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), once again wins Man School
unannounced visits to the school admissions office teacher is to repeat
students enrolled in a refund.

Yesterday, some parents of the candidate's admission will be canceled to
reflect the accident is not only the Chinese through and wins in two
schools,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), Stone City, there is a school of some candidates,
also abandoned by the Provincial Examination Yuan detect file false recorded.
However,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), this message has not been confirmed by the relevant
departments.

Related articles:

  * [Brooklyn](http://www.kszyybbs.com/viewthread.php?tid=103089&extra= "http://www.kszyybbs.com/viewthread.php?tid=103089&extra=" )
  * [was found dead fish in the reservoir below the creek](http://www.txhzj.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=4070 "http://www.txhzj.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=4070" )
  * [Man shot PETTY to the crowd caused a death and one re-](http://www.mqlinchang.cn/review.asp?NewsID=508 "http://www.mqlinchang.cn/review.asp?NewsID=508" )


##  Qun behind what people cut is not clear.

In the afternoon of March 25, the birthday Bakery internal management Xiao
Yue, the Chang Chun had submitted his resignation before the end of February,
but he was not yet reached the separation procedures. In this case, Qun March
do not come to work, required to absenteeism. Xiao Yue,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), March 23, Qun company money, he gave Zhang Yue
issuing $ 1,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ),000, but financial money because
he had no separation procedures.

The police had left on the cut &lt;/p&gt;

"In the morning of March 24, Chang Chun to the production shop doorway
blocking lorries, I Ququan to half an hour he heard,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), I called the police." Xiao Yue said
the police to understand the situation,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), stressing this is labor disputes, but will
try to coordinate and solve
problems,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and then let he and Chang Chun to
the police station, left the company, he took the police car, Qun behind what
people cut is not clear.

Chase District Public Security Bureau, Huainan City Palace, set the police
station after receiving the alarm, rushed to the scene,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), prepare these with company management
and Chang Chun to the police station to mediation. Qun riding the motorcycle
to go to the police station, the company's management with the police on the
police car.

&lt;p&gt;In the morning of March
24,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Chang Chun once again came to the
birthday Bakery production workshop door, blocked a ready freight car with a
motorcycle, to beg wages. Company management and Qun in consultation, but no
results, then hit 110 the police.

Yesterday morning,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), in the hospital ward, Zhang Qun's
mother took out a piece of gauze inside the package is two smaller than the
coin bloody bones, "This is the from Qun head cut to the bone, the doctor for
Qun clean up the wound to take out. "the Qun mother said.

Case is under investigation

May be leaving behind a disabled

Qun ride with the police car behind, you can just leave the company tens of
meters away, his cellphone ringing,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), then
stopped the car to answer the phone. Received this phone call from the mother,
Qun prepared to catch up with the Kaiyuan of the police car. May then,
suddenly from behind rushed to forty-five criminals,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), armed with a knife to cut in front Qun. His head,
shoulders and hands multiple chop wounds,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
suddenly bloody fell to the ground. At this point,[louboutin](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the
criminals still do not give up, continue with a knife at his feet cut off
knife is the knife, cut Qun hamstring.

Related articles:

  * [Huang's agent answered](http://24-7social.net/activity/p/1657/ "http://24-7social.net/activity/p/1657/" )
  * [8 people sentenced to imprisonment](http://magicsocialnetwork.com/blogs/posts/sfhis78rzh "http://magicsocialnetwork.com/blogs/posts/sfhis78rzh" )
  * [because the weather is hot](http://civiclists.com/activity/p/68388/ "http://civiclists.com/activity/p/68388/" )


##  After the meal beaten

"I absolutely did not think that he was accidentally killed his son, now
regret, but also very sad, I plead guilty!" Court, in the face of legal
sanctions,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Xu shed tears of remorse.

After the meal beaten, Xiaohua hands trembling, and said to go to bed. Xu did
not care,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), to help wash sleep. About 5:30 the next
day, the mother of Xiaohua Zhou night shift home from work,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), how to call to call to wake
Xiaohua,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), asked Xu and how is it. Xu was
starting to worry about, frankly last night playing Xiaohua do not know the
serious of the injuries are not serious. The couple immediately Xiaohua sent
to the hospital for treatment. CT
examination,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the Xiaohua left parietal
subarachnoid hemorrhage, the left cerebral edema,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), the hospital He
died at 7:30 on the 11th death. After the incident, Xu surrendered to the
public security organs.

'clock on the September 2011, Xu temporary accommodation to teach Xiaohua
wrote numbers on one began to Xiaohua has been not write the number "5", Xu
eagerly pumping Xiaohua few ears, his father, "force Teaching, Xiaohua finally
learned to write "5". Writing the number "8", Xiaohua screenwriters,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), pumping several times slap in the
face, the Xiaohua or did not learn to write "8". "I tell you the future do not
make good reading, learning will not be bullied!" Xu side intimidation Xiaohua
side of a discount from the Outdoor broom about 40 cm long bamboo whipping the
Xiaohua,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), head,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), without any
explanation,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), back, leg. Then beaten slipper the Xiaohua
hips,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), legs and body, hand whipping the
Xiaohua face, buttocks, head, hand to seize Xiaohua knock to the dinner table.
Just hit the back of the head of Xiaohua Xu hand,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), Xiaohua, head heavily hit on the table. &lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [funding them to continue the quest and innovation](http://www.justlosingit.com/blog2/blog6.php/ "http://www.justlosingit.com/blog2/blog6.php/" )
  * [good attitude](http://clicktrash.com/activity/p/39019/ "http://clicktrash.com/activity/p/39019/" )
  * [Liu always quickly returned](http://www.shiningboys.cn/542.html/ "http://www.shiningboys.cn/542.html/" )


##  urban management to more than a dozen people.

&lt;p&gt;Amaryllis Cheung said he did not hit each
other,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), no effort to fight.

He said, to move out in front of the store chased beer,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), his father would not let, urban management to more
than a dozen people.

Urban management department: wearing camouflage uniforms chased

Members of the public said: "city management" hit man curse

Afternoon delivery of 78 cases of beer placed in front of the store about
15:00 and more, chased the car to above five or six individuals wearing chased
uniform,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), wearing camouflage uniforms. Let men
wear camouflage uniforms to move into the beer, I told them that her husband
has done to move heart surgery can not things, they are holding a child, later
on the child to sleep I moved in which that body is too fat "camouflage"
No,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), now you have to move,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), or put your stuff out. Pull in
camouflage uniforms raised his beer bottle to pound Lao Zhu, but fortunately
did not hit man,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), hit the beer box above, then she
heard people shouting "chased beat ......

"I smashed the car,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), but I do not have the hands played, I
smashed cars, worried that the city management to kick down the man ran away
in order to leave evidence." A man standing in the door of a small grocery
store, he was the son of the owner of Amaryllis Cheung.

The Changfeng where a total of six managers from the management before the
incident, four people in the sorting warehouse, so there are only two went to
the scene. Time of the incident, the scene is not the caller said, so many
city inspectors, two chased two wearing camouflage uniforms. After the
incident, I received a phone call,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), and several players went to the scene.

Allow the owner to move into the
beer,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), and told him not to take the man of
the house do not match, then we say, you do not get,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), we get you into the male shopkeeper
said what means to take,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), do not take to put this on. Then
we say,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), do not take our finished according to
forensics, give you buckle thing. Pull the beer boxes and found the owner's
face changed, and later his wife said her husband had heart disease

Related articles:

  * [I murder](http://www.civil818.kellnoggs.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=208292&extra= "http://www.civil818.kellnoggs.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=208292&extra=" )
  * [000 yuan compensation](http://ubbs.cn/uchome/space.php?uid=86747&do=blog&id=304686 "http://ubbs.cn/uchome/space.php?uid=86747&do=blog&id=304686" )
  * [This short 18-year-old youth is a look of calm](http://www.yunquezhai.com/plus/view.php?aid=49785 "http://www.yunquezhai.com/plus/view.php?aid=49785" )


##  her grandfather a year ago to find

Interpol brigade of Kaohsiung City on the 2nd morning patrol found the
whereabouts of the drug convictions of man surnamed Wang suspicious,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), rummage to staying at the
hotel,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), found his 13-year-old girl was
listed as co-seeking population living hotel for two months. Police in the
girls purses to find more than fifty condoms; girl testified that prostitution
want to use condoms,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), she went to the snack bar
candidates to be dislike its young; later a friend introduced to the call
station "groom" began the sea pick up passengers.

's "News Today" reported,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), it is
learned,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the mother of the girl's unmarried
pregnancy gave birth to her father already disappeared,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the mother to drug addiction and a
prison sentence. Girls from childhood brought up by my
grandfather,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), fourth and fifth grade elementary
school began running away from home,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), her grandfather a year ago to
find,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), but the first year of junior high
school she truancy,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), running away from home,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), my grandfather on the 2nd to the
police station admitted that he did not know how to discipline. &lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [but the school advocate this Thanksgiving](http://www.ysyz.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=969&extra= "http://www.ysyz.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=969&extra=" )
  * [" a villager said](http://blog.ispfun.com/2011/09/kangana-ranaut-hot-in-white-bikini/ "http://blog.ispfun.com/2011/09/kangana-ranaut-hot-in-white-bikini/" )
  * [Civil cases is best used with caution polygraph](http://makinguptherightway.com/forums/topic/civil-cases-is-best-used-with-caution-polygraph#post-25900 "http://makinguptherightway.com/forums/topic/civil-cases-is-best-used-with-caution-polygraph#post-25900" )


##  \- Learned Berson and his mother was born the same day

's hospitalization accounts, that blood
tension,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), he mobilized friends and relatives
to help the child mutual aid blood donation .

Smooth operation:

\- Learned Berson and his mother was born the same day, Guangzhou enthusiastic
the second day of the birth of a child in the ward to the mother and son make
up a special birthday. Day, when the cake car has been the point of the Song
and Yuan phase will be sent over a candle when the propulsion unit, Tian
Xiongfei can not help but cry together. Her many wish: May the blessed three
children,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), let them grow up healthily.

"The sight made me both sad and touched." Song and Yuan relative to pick up
the intercom microphone with the caregiver said: "You have to carry!" Then
took the microphone Berson also followed things by the book to learn from the
father, told the little sister: to take out also play together. "Song and Yuan
relative to clearly see the tears in the eyes of his son's spin.

Good people help solve the problem:

"He was less than two years old, should not be very sensible. Looked to
isolate the cabin's sister, his little head think I really can not guess,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), but his face askew dismay I feel ill. "Song and Yuan
phase sighed.

Learned that the surgery into the 300 000

Berson was only 27 pounds short of a month to two years old. We are very sorry
for him. "Watching the needle into the body of the youngest son, Song and Yuan
relative to feeling like a headlong into his heart, and pain was a little out
of control emotions.

Later, after the newspaper and other media reports out to the streets, the
family Poverty and ill health continued to get the parties to the rescue of
the love people, the twin sister of treatment have not been falling,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), while the younger brother Berson has been healthy
growth of her parents.

Small Berson wake up even drink three bottles of milk

Warm Guangzhou warmth memories

"If there are so many good people relay help solve the problem, our family of
five will not have today." After giving birth, the wife at home with children,
the Song and Yuan phase usually RBI temporary workers, or the point manual at
home, people earning less is pathetic . They live frugally,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), most of the time the current food
with chili sauce. Even so, the twin sister every day injections, medication in
addition to iron therapy, also lose blood twice a month, add up each month to
spend at least ten thousand dollars.

"I hope he grows up and can understand, he came to this world is of special
significance." Song and Yuan phase so consoled himself: his son is completing
a glorious task, he will one day be proud of for their own pay.

To mobilize friends and relatives to donate blood for children

Yesterday, Nanfang Hospital, The Berson worse than a month before at least two
years of age, sacrificed the bone marrow and transplanted into less than 4
-year-old sister, caregiver body. The bone marrow is limited, and the other
twin sister Xiaoqi continues to wait.

Sister medication brother and when Assistant

Yesterday around 9:00, Berson was sent to the anesthetic room. An acupuncture
treatment, he cried a few times, pain, and soon a nap. The medical staff drawn
from his body for over 300 milliliters of bone marrow transplants, in
descending order, give less than 4-year-old sister, caregiver. However, due to
the limited amount of time can be extracted bone marrow, and the other twin
sister Xiaoqi Berson body for transplantation, have to wait to return to the
right time to say.

&lt;p&gt;On the 27th last month, as do the related treatment before
transplantation, sister, caregiver was taken to a sterile isolation tank.
Small Berson did not hear the voice of her sister across the glass, was
anxious to cry.

\- Last month, has been keen to help them one of Mr. Zhu was informed that the
caregiver need money to do transplants, once 30 million into the child's
hospitalization account, Poverty and ill health of the unfortunate families,
there has been a new turn . Just the other
day,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), that the operation was blood
tension, Mr. Zhu also help to mobilize friends and relatives to donate
blood,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), and mutual assistance for the child to ensure that
the surgery schedule.

Misfortune, but this family of five weekdays,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), there
are many warm scene.

Body recovery after transplant

\- Two years ago, should be one month in advance admission to be produced
life-saving baby "Tian Xiongfei can not afford to pay the deposit direct to
worry about. Learn about their difficulties, Guangzhou one hospital to lend a
helping hand, eliminating all related costs.

Last month, the Song and Yuan dynasties of the legitimate father for the
children scheduled surgery nearly, while treatment costs an enormous amount of
unfunded worried, surnamed Zhu, good-hearted people to find him,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), and silently led him to the bank, one-time 30
million to fight into the children's hospital account.

Naughty brother sister patrol not to fight

"This society is still a lot of good-hearted people." Yesterday after
surgery,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), a lot of enthusiastic people came to
see the siblings,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the Song and Yuan phase was
deeply moved again, he said: "Two years ago, I really do not think there is
today."

Siblings Wife:

"They have three of these days, and sometimes mischievous younger brother, and
I beat him, the two sisters are guarding to prevent." Song and Yuan phase
siblings Sa deep affection for, is undoubtedly a front on. Medication
injections each sister, brother, although curious, but not chaos, but will Le
Diandian go put a stool, take the trash to junk.

Song and Yuan phase often ask ourselves: "The life of our family in what is
reported " Chu told him: "take a good three children, and this is for us the
greatest return."

"Our family life in what is reported " To help him say good-hearted people:
three children with,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), this is for us the greatest
return. "Yesterday after surgery, a lot of enthusiastic people came to see the
siblings. Song and Yuan phase was moved again, hope to use this paper on
countless cared about them a love of people to express their gratitude.

Related articles:

  * [the openings and is completely open type](http://zzjcsy.com/blog/space.php?uid=23267&do=blog&id=189650 "http://zzjcsy.com/blog/space.php?uid=23267&do=blog&id=189650" )
  * [nor did any of the holidays.](http://wowhot.yysh88.com/read.php?tid=62092 "http://wowhot.yysh88.com/read.php?tid=62092" )
  * [the green aurora is the result of oxygen atoms and charged particles](http://www.gtamama.com/read-htm-tid-9810.html "http://www.gtamama.com/read-htm-tid-9810.html" )


##  do not know."

Zhang Yi, said she was holding his father to take a walk on the road sub-
teeth, the mother followed by the other side of the road, suddenly felt the
dark shadow of rushing, "I feel a burst of pain, do not know." &lt;/p&gt;

KIA's driver reversing site traffic police,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), preliminary investigation, somehow stepped on the
accelerator,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), causing a chain collision in and
gave the driver the accident,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the driver
take full responsibility,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), has been taken in for questioning.

In the hospital, Zhang Yi's mother, Ms Leung,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), daughter and lover of the sick room to run around the left sleeve all dyed
with blood.

Ms Leung said that the children admitted to the University this
year,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), just received the notice of the Institute of
Industrial Relations, "These days the whole family are particularly pleased to
take advantage of before school and the kids out for a stroll, I did not
expect this matter."

At the same time, a number of passers-by shouting "Stop"! Witnesses said Mr.
Wang,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), when the crowd rushed to see the car following roll
into a man and a woman,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), and all work together to pull out the injured.

According to witnesses,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), after the
"bang,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), bang" crash and saw a car rapidly back to hit the van parked on the
roadside,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and then withstand the van to
continue to back hit the Ford until Ford roof to a telegraph pole to stop.

Zhang Yi's father, as the wheels ran over and seriously injured as of this
morning,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), still in the intensive care unit
for treatment.

Related articles:

  * ['how do you come to me](http://www.monster-india.com/space.php?uid=343&do=blog&id=19109 "http://www.monster-india.com/space.php?uid=343&do=blog&id=19109" )
  * [Another witness said he was walking around](http://countryhavenranch.com/blog3/2007/10/05/vegas-or-bust/ "http://countryhavenranch.com/blog3/2007/10/05/vegas-or-bust/" )
  * [can not find at home. Fortunately](http://chiru.in/fans/user_blog_comments.php?blogentry_id=253213 "http://chiru.in/fans/user_blog_comments.php?blogentry_id=253213" )


##  there is no penetration

&lt;p&gt;Yang Fan, dodge, was stabbed in the left chest, blood bubbling, about
to soak his predecessor. See his comrades stabbed and we were shocked and
distressed comrades, can not wait immediately rushed to the front of uniform
drug traffickers, but did not expect, Yang Fan is still tightly clutching the
clothes to live drug traffickers, the moment did not let go. "Witnessed this
scene Lutian Peng said with emotion. Yang Fan is very heroic, and drug
traffickers several tear the clothes to get rid of,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), nor broke away Yang Fan Jinzuan hands. In order to get out as soon as
possible, drug traffickers simply tear off the clothes, shirtless to the Sun
Village next to an alley and fled.

Ambush

Yang Fan injured was rushed to hospital for emergency treatment at the same
time, other comrades continue to pursue drug traffickers. Sun Village does not
belong to the Tianning Precinct, the police were unfamiliar terrain,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), coupled with lack of late-night
light, the drug traffickers temporarily escaped. However, a more rigorous
pursuit operation was immediately conducted.

That night, his story

There are more than one
hour,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the Lanling police station by the
well-researched and decided immediately hands, led by the deputy director ZHAO
Xiao-min Yang Fan and other three police and three auxiliary police officers,
dressed in civilian clothes,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), men traveling in two cars to the
trading location, waiting to arrest transactions of drug dealers. Arrive
early, the police view of the surrounding traffic,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), and the division of labor, ZHAO Xiao-min, Yang Fan, and another auxiliary
police officer as a motor, other candidates for a good place to ambush.

Behind the survey hero police is a "rich second generation"

Yang Fan, volunteered, rushed forward to seize drug traffickers left chest
reluctantly chasing after the assassination of 500 meters

On the evening of July 1, Ning Branch, Changzhou Municipal Public Security
Bureau Lanling police station and arrested a suspect, and then review. 8:00,
the suspect account of an important clue: the night around 10:00, there will
be drug traffickers in a certain Internet cafe near the Guanghua Road, the
drug trade. At the same time, he described detailed physical characteristics
of the transaction drug traffickers.

'clock on the evening of July 1, Tianning District, Changzhou Guanghua Road
near an alley, the lights dim, a burst of rapid footsteps stopped short, 24
-year-old police Yang Fan, collapsed to the ground, blood from over his left
chest palm fingers emerge, while behind him is a nearly 500-meter-long trail.
Fan Yang and his comrades a few minutes ago, struggling to hunt down drug
traffickers, to run ahead of his hand which he struggled, the murderous drug
traffickers to tie off a rib with a knife, sharp tip of homeopathy through the
lungs, but also punctured the heart Fortunately, there is no penetration, but
he still reluctantly chase. Came his comrades immediately sent to hospital.
Yesterday morning, Yang Fan, wake up in the ICU, but not yet completely out of
danger. Reassuring is lucky enough to escape the drug traffickers after being
arrested in the incident two hours. &lt;/p&gt;

Leaving his comrades think of a strong and courageous Yang Fan tolerate the
pain, cover the wound and from behind to chase the drops of blood spilled all
the way, chase out nearly 500 meters, the final result of excessive bleeding,
a collapsed came comrades Lu Tianpeng next to the blood stained clothes. The
Lutian Peng quickly picked up, and ZHAO Xiao-min He sent to Changzhou Second
People's Hospital.

The latest progress went to the relatives of the traffickers was arrested
after two hours

&lt;p&gt;Learned that the police in arresting drug traffickers serious
injuries,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Changzhou Municipal Public
Security Bureau attaches great importance to the Deputy Mayor, Public Security
Bureau Shang Jianrong requirements at all costs to rescue. Changzhou Municipal
Public Security Bureau deputy director of Palace Wen-fei and Tianning
District, Vice Mayor, the Secretary Jinji Ying immediately rushed to the
hospital to coordinate the best medical staff,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), composed of elite forces to the
rescue.

Lutian Peng and Yang Fan, is a junior high school students and high school
alumni. "Although he had two years police, but Yang Fan enthusiasm for the
work left me deep impression." The Lutian Peng said, take initiative and work
in the Criminal Investigation group, often working overtime this year,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), nose sick need surgery, he did not
leave , but to use the Spring Festival to do the surgery, to rule on in the
hospital.

Yesterday morning, ZHAO Xiao-min, deputy director and his comrades once again
came to the scene, from the implementation of the arrest Guanghua Road, to the
small alleys of the Sun Village of twists and turns, the road of 500 meters,
Yang Fan, drops of blood visible.

Changzhou Municipal Public Security Bureau under the unified command, Tian
Ning Branch of the timely deployment of police force to conduct a survey of
on-site retrieval of surveillance video, to figure out the escape route of
drug traffickers. Around at 2 o'clock on July 2, careful surveillance for the
the Tianning police in the cool New Village Yijuminlou drug dealers car a
captured and seized a knife when the assailant. Original, opposite car in a
residence in the district, he knew that the drug trafficking and stabbed the
police did not dare to go home but went to a nearby relatives, thinking that
can be avoided a disaster. At this point, the distance Yang Fan was seriously
injured just over two hours. At present, the case is under further hearing.

Waited for about half an hour, an over 20-year-old, keep the flat head, head
pricey man appears in the vision, alert glance around and found nothing
abnormal,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), and went straight to the trading
location. Physical characteristics consistent with the accountability in front
of the suspect to come to the transactions of drug dealers, police were in the
dark staring at what they did. Drug traffickers end of the transaction, look
at movement, did not back track, but suddenly Guaixiang to another alley.
Ambush police found a change in circumstances immediately hidden to move
closer to containment up suddenly from all directions. A drug dealer without a
fight, another drug trafficker Chengxi out of the pocket, got into an alley to
take advantage of the lack of night light. Police Lutian Peng,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
history Yang pressed hard.

Yang Fan rib tie broken by the knife of the check,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), drug traffickers, but also penetrate the lungs, the
heart punctured 3 cm. The doctor said that if drug traffickers a knife and
stabbed the position Shaopian point, the consequences would be disastrous.
Emergency rescue after more than two hours in 800 milliliters of blood clots
in the heart is clear, Yang Fan has finally from death hands to grab back. Lu
Tianpeng and other comrades in arms all night to keep in the ICU, until
yesterday morning, Yang Fan revived.

Rib tie off, the heart was punctured, having regained consciousness, but not
yet out of danger

Rescue

Seeing this situation,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), responsible for perimeter waiting
Yang Fan, referrals to take the initiative to the deputy director ZHAO Xiao-
min, asked to be involved in the arrest. Approved, the physical original bar,
he jumped off the car with the fastest speed for the first one is close to the
drug traffickers, to find your chance rushed forward from the rear side,
grabbed his left hand and clothes. Material to which drug traffickers resorted
to with all one's strength back turned abruptly, right hand grasping a shining
knife, striking fiercely towards the Yang Fan left rib cage.

Injured

One suspects the account of drug traffickers change routes to escape the drug
trade to the completion of the transaction

The past six months, Fan Yang and his comrades for more than 50 cases,
including fights, cause trouble and intentional injury, theft, etc., directly
arrest a number of criminal suspects can be no this time dangerous. Like the
arrest drug traffickers, according to the prior division of labor, if he does
not take the initiative to participate in the arrest, and not negligence, but
unwilling people, Yang Fan, a critical moment to come forward to his
character.

Related articles:

  * [Lengran Although the enrollment in the first day](http://home.bjyouxi.com/space.php?uid=186607&do=blog&id=278217 "http://home.bjyouxi.com/space.php?uid=186607&do=blog&id=278217" )
  * [housing the head of household](http://yuzg.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=33836 "http://yuzg.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=33836" )
  * [Sohn siblings is not running. Sohn still in school](http://nebulawellbeing.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=21956 "http://nebulawellbeing.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=21956" )


##  Xu regret not cope.

Police in serious criticism and education Xu thereto a fine of 500 yuan again
buckle license for 3 months and 6 points in mind punishment,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Xu regret not cope.

(Zhendong YANG Jin Lu away Ogawa)

'll feel after Xu face blazing. In order to prevent again by police to detect
alcohol,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Xu will sleep at home to sleep. Two
hours later,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the face is still hot Xu driving a
motorcycle came to the check stop. &lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [he had an outstanding triathlete.](http://powerquest90.com/activity/p/70773/ "http://powerquest90.com/activity/p/70773/" )
  * [Graham McGeorge](http://www.dalian365.net/uhome/space.php?uid=42601&do=blog&id=1717009 "http://www.dalian365.net/uhome/space.php?uid=42601&do=blog&id=1717009" )
  * [the rest owned by the mobilization of those proceeds.](http://xinglong520.com/viewthread.php?tid=19317&extra= "http://xinglong520.com/viewthread.php?tid=19317&extra=" )


##  Zhang need to paste the money of nearly 700

&lt;p&gt;By the end of June, Zhang scam started to crack. Initially the
recovery section of the owners. Previously, Zhang month head time to rent sent
back to the owners, to July, Zhang funds operational difficulties are unable
to pay dozens of owners of rent.

Luomou find that things are strange,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), he
repeatedly urged Zhang to complete the transfer of vehicle ownership. The
reminder anxious, Zhang with the twelve models,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the exchange can not transfer the
car with the price of new cars and Luomou.

Zhang, the idea of ​​selling cars. Luomou automotive beauty items often to
undertake to pay by Zhang, Zhang service providers a good impression: "us time
to do things that are accountable." Zhang find Luomou, told his own hands
There are a number of high-grade mortgage car, would like to change hands out.
"These cars are very cheap, as long as 100 000, and to ensure that two months
will be able to transfer."

This scam where people are to believe that excess profits. "This is Luomou out
in the report after Gordon learned.

Cui did not think the police so quickly put the car chase back. He intends to
dispose of how this car more than 20 million cars, Mr. Choi was helpless
smile: "I'm not ready, and now owes tens of thousands of the bank debt."

Count rent 8000 dollars per month each owner, Zhang contract owners a total of
87, the monthly expenditure of 700 000, three months down the line, count the
deposit, at least over 300 million. Do the same calculations,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), not only Luomou paid to his more
than 500 million is not enough spending,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Zhang
have come out ahead money.

Buy at higher prices, advance every three to four million of the difference,
and then sell low-cost, no matter the angle from which to explain, this is
definitely a bad trading, but Zhang had other plans.

&lt;p&gt;Car dealers 17 bait cheated 70

■ puzzle of human

Advanced more than 500 million Luomou had to self-employed automotive beauty
shops Close to think of ways to raise money to give back to owners.

Why do 10 years of business Laojiang Hu, the final defeat at the hands of the
22-year-old youth Luomou admit that greed is fooled. Market to sell fourteen
fifty thousand Zhang, selling only 100,000, the price of twenty thousand more
than the normal profit. "Luomou said, was wanted in the past to confirm the
true identity of these mortgage car owners,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), but Zhang told him, The owners
are mostly losing money to repay got the car cheap, go to contact them very
wrong.

's leadership is very important, so rent a luxury car, too bad not. &lt;/p&gt;

According to the request made by Zhang, taxi drivers mostly to borrow money or
loan to buy a new car. Luxury cars Audi, Volkswagen, Toyota,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Honda accounted for most of the
most expensive is nearly 60 million convertible car, the price in the
300000-500000 8.

Operation only two weeks,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Zhang has encountered a problem:
orders a handful, but to pay the rent, staff salaries, utilities, etc.,
exhausted Zhang original savings. To the end of March, Zhang has been barely
holding on, "I open the wallet, just over 10 thousand yuan open down."

The next step is to convince the owners. Zhang told the owners, the Chinese
and their cars are willing to buy at high prices. The owners have some
figuring and found profitable, they readily accepted.

Believe that the excess profits of the loan to buy a car owners. When 20-year
taxi driver Cui, a loan to buy a value of more than 20 million of the Odyssey,
and Zhang, signed a three-year contract. In accordance with the contract,
Zhang addition to his 20 000 deposit per month to pay rent of $ 8,000. Mr.
Choi felt that three years later, not only back, they can earn a few million.

On the morning of July 28,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the fellow a "car accident"
phone,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), Cui's dream shattered.

According to Zhang's,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), had 17 vehicles cheap resale sold
Luomou, in order to allow vehicles successfully transfer, access to Luomou the
trust, the cost per vehicle average lose money three or four million. The
difference between the 4 million dollars, Zhang need to paste the money of
nearly 700,000. After sold Luomou 70, some vehicles can not complete the
transfer, also known as Zhang spent over 400 million to buy a new car.

Puzzle Goof least can be swept four million

Soon, Zhang 17 vehicles changed hands sold Luomou, and contributed to the
owners to complete the formalities of transfer of vehicle ownership. Doubts
Luomou was dispelled,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and the owners have got the
money,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), think this is a good deal. More and
more taxi drivers to loans to buy new cars leased Zhang. The next short period
of three months time, Zhang met with 70 owners signed a lease contract.

This is more than 500 million flowers to where Zhang can not tell, anyway, did
not return to the original owners hands.

Sake of the excess profits mistaken for a major event

About 200,000 of the value of the new Accord, Camry, but as long as 100,000
Luomou doubt or heart.

From mid-March to the end of May this year, Zhang 70 cars divided into
multiple transfer to Luomou. Received the car, Luomou then resold. Car none of
transfer, the customer first paid Luomou deposit Luomou advance more than 500
million remitted to Zhang.

According to Zhang said, "There are more than a dozen car, my own money to buy
a new car, and spent many millions of time, I have completely no money."

"We have been in the calculation of his not making money, the deficit is too
much." After the incident, Luo Zhang scam is still too much puzzled.

Related articles:

  * [as appropriate](http://33359222.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6084 "http://33359222.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6084" )
  * [the fossils buried deep underground](http://schmidt-it.net/b2evolution/blog1.php/die-muelltonne-ist-eroeffnet#comments "http://schmidt-it.net/b2evolution/blog1.php/die-muelltonne-ist-eroeffnet#comments" )
  * [Secondary school female director received interest, misappropriation of paragraph 800 km and](http://www.dejt.gov.cn/Review.asp?NewsID=213 "http://www.dejt.gov.cn/Review.asp?NewsID=213" )


##  after graduation

March 18, she let my father Luo Meicheng to Shaodong public security bureau,
was rejected, she will fax the data to the Hunan Provincial Public Security,
and subsequently is a long wait for the road and consulting.

In July 2008, LuoCaiXia in Tianjin applied for a Teacher, but she received a
phone of the Tianjin Bureau of Education, said she has applied for a Teacher
in Guiyang, LuoCaiXia immediately denied this claim. "I thought it was
internal operations for Education is a problem, and not enough attention."

False Ha has settled down in Guangzhou

The Teacher Banbuxialai Could it own four years of college White read
LuoCaiXia immediately report to the Xiqing District, university police
station. March 9, through false LuoCaiXia online photo reconciliation,
LuoCaiXia identify this LuoCaiXia identity: a classmate Wang Jiajun is their
own five years ago in Hunan shaodong a high school .

Apply online bank refused

The students went to college for her

Proof of enrollment issued by the Guizhou Normal University: LuoCaiXia (in
fact, Wang Jiajun), female, Hunan, 2004 ideological education students, taking
scores of 514 points.

At this point, the Royal is one other relatives received a telephone call,
said: "'bogus college' thing is there,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but
after a very tortuous. We do not know to give her (LuoCaiXia) impact. Royal to
ensure true ' LuoCaiXia 'to get a degree and Teacher to Guizhou Normal
University, has now applied for the cancellation of graduation certificate,
and submit an application to the Ministry of Education in accordance with the
procedures these procedures to do a few months, we go a lot of detours,
running Tianjin, Beijing, Guizhou, take a lot of places. "

LuoCaiXia doubted, and it reminded her to apply for the Teacher strange in
July last year.

Zhang Di, said: "two of the files should be in the Department of Education."

"Wang Jiajun is indeed theft of my identity, into the reading of Guizhou
Normal University." LuoCaiXia said.

March 5, LuoCaiXia learned that the Teacher was canceled. The reason is:
LuoCaiXia the material passing the examination,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), but the data
incorporated into the online edition of the National Teachers' qualification
management system, the same name, ID number is the same person has to apply in
Guiyang Teacher combined data was not successful, the system Unable to
generate LuoCaiXia Teacher Certification Number.

It is understood that LuoCaiXia 2005 admission to the household registration
moved to schools, Wang Jiajun's identity After a turnover, first with the
entrance moved to Guiyang, after graduation, again the household registration
moved from Guiyang, Guangzhou City, Tianhe District, however, still the name
of the LuoCaiXia, Guangzhou, Tianjin,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ),
Shaodong,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Guiyang, LuoCaiXia now want to recover
their identity, obstacles because of the location involved.

&lt;p&gt;Luo family to help her daughter to return to the identity everywhere
investigation, a silence of five years of "impostor" event beginning to emerge
...

To retrieve the identity of obstacles

Wang Fu recognize someone else's issue

The impostors father Public Security Bureau, political commissar of &lt;/p&gt;

In this regard, LuoCaiXia Lo parent recently went to the Shaodong The Archives
Section to access her files, her file in 2004 was transferred away. "Now my
files in Tianjin Normal University, only the College of Technology repeat a
thin two-page information.

■ Links

After 1999, the Qi Yuling Chen Xiaoqi posing as its name, bring a civil action
to Zaozhuang City Intermediate People's Court, Shandong Province Higher
People's Court in adjudicating this case there are problems of applicable law,
and submitted to the Supreme People's Court interpretation. In 2001, the
Supreme Court after the study made "to violations of the right of personal
name and the means to infringe constitutionally protected fundamental rights
of citizens to education should bear the civil liability of approval"
(hereinafter referred to as "approved"). Shandong Provincial Higher People's
Court, after receiving approval "to continue hearing the case and think: This
behavior is a form of performance for the name of rights against the Qi
Yuling,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and its essence is a violation of
Qi Yuling enjoyed accordance with the Constitution the fundamental rights of
citizens to education . The appellee in this tort consequences, shall bear
civil liability. This approval, is directly aimed at the Qi Yuling case was
pending, the specific issue with a judicial nature, with considerable
legislative colors justice of the Supreme Court the other to explain
different; and in the infringement of the parties whether a party should bear
the civil liability on this issue, the court is not to the other specific laws
based on directly apply solely to the Constitution. In this connection, two
o'clock, the judiciary, academia, the media in that case the
Constitution,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Justice and the first case.
Comprehensive "China Youth Daily, Yangcheng Evening News

Because otherwise LuoCaiXia

But to do not ruin his daughter

March 29, Mira Wang call LuoCaiXia,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), his desire
to cancel his daughter's information but LuoCaiXia give him time. However, on
the evening of April 1, Mira Wang was again rushed to Tianjin, said
cancellation of Wang Jiajun's identity information has been impossible, and
put forward as long as LuoCaiXia to change his identity card
number,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), he the put LuoCaiXia as a daughter,
commitment to the Law in the South to find a good job, all of which are
LuoCaiXia refused.

2004, LuoCaiXia and Wang Jiajun join the college entrance examination, when
Hunan Province, the two scores is 534 points, specifically the communication
line 501, Undergraduate Independent Colleges scores 460 points. LuoCaiXia test
514 points, had a special communication lines, but no more than two scores,
have not received any letter of acceptance. Her college exam, choose to the
the Shaodong of a College of Technology Kodak secondary school repetition.
Repeat a year later, LuoCaiXia obtain Tianjin Normal University, History and
Culture Institute.

Years ago, Shandong has been called "Qi Yuling case

In 1990, the plaintiff Qi Yuling and Chen Xiaoqi are Shandong Province, one of
the defendants Tengzhou 8 Middle School's junior high school students have
participated in the primaries of the polytechnic exam. Chen Xiaoqi in the pre-
selection exam results failed. Qi Yuling in the entrance examination to obtain
the results of more than Weipei students admission standards. Shandong
Province Jining Business School admission notice issued to the Qi Yuling, by
transmitted Tengzhou eight. Chen Xiaoqi receive the Qi Yuling admission notice
from Tengzhou eight, and his father Chen Kezheng planning, use of various
means to Jining on behalf of the Qi Yuling's business school enrolled until
graduation. After graduation, Chen Xiaoqi still use the Qi Yuling's name in
the Bank of China, Tengzhou Branch.

In 2004, Wang Jiajun's college entrance examination scores only 335 points,
also missed the University. However, Wang Jiajun was in unbeknownst LuoCaiXia,
the fraudulent LuoCaiXia identity proved to Guizhou Normal University to read
for four years, not only to get a Teacher,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), but also
graduate.

Mira Wang Shaoyang City, Hunan Province Shaodong the Niumasi town mayor in
2002, August 2004, transferred from Niumasi town party secretary position
Longhui County, Shaoyang City Public Security Bureau, political commissar, was
named "people of the province in 2004 satisfactory public servant. " According
to media reports, Mira Wang involving Lianshao Mining Group Niumasi Industrial
Co., Ltd., former manager of Shen Shun Kang (level), Deng-Sheng (Deputy level)
bribery Woan. The case was investigated by the procuratorial organs selected
list of Hunan in 2007 the top ten anti-corruption case.

"My identity was stolen for a full five years, the other did not I have a
fair, but has repeatedly asked me to change their identity." At present,
LuoCaiXia has Xiqing District,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), South Town Court formally charged the
theft of their identity Wang Jiajun.

LuoCaiXia senior student of Tianjin Normal University, graduated from Hunan
Shaodong. March 1 this year, LuoCaiXia to a bank outlets in Tianjin to handle
online banking, because of the identity information does not match,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), is denied a business application. LuoCaiXia identity
card numbers entered on the banking network, the information, names, are all
consistent, but the picture is a pretty girl, the certification authority of
the identity card has become the Guiyang Baiyun Branch.

Reported to detect data theft

Mira Wang Jiajun graduation account moved to Guangzhou Tianhe District in
Guangzhou, but because of the financial crisis, did not find a job, home. "As
a father, I am very sad, you can save my Jiajun, a lot of problems can be
discussed, this is not fair to her,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), I do not want
the tragedy."

Related articles:

  * [decided to go with little Wang Yan hospital for treatment. June 4](http://www.chaserzone.com/activity/p/17994/ "http://www.chaserzone.com/activity/p/17994/" )
  * [a large pillow wet.](http://yjyjw.org/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=5152&extra= "http://yjyjw.org/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=5152&extra=" )
  * [via the High-tech Zone Water West Town](http://ltbs.ggit163.com/showtopic-35070.aspx "http://ltbs.ggit163.com/showtopic-35070.aspx" )


##  The "down payment about $ 180

,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" )&lt;p&gt;"When I first down payment
of two percent of the program developers, can not be achieved, should be
returned the deposit, how can you blame me " Cheng unfair.

The end of March to the developer returned the deposit and down payment, but
was rejected. The developers said: "subscription has been expressly agreed
that if the banks approved less than the loan, the Subscriber shall be one-
time full payment, otherwise it will default,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), non-refundable
deposit,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), down payment can be refunded."

Surprisingly, 25 March Cheng received a bank notice that because the
tightening of lending policies,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Cheng was the first time to buy a
house loan down payment of at least three. To enjoy 20% off interest rates,
down payment into four.

. &lt;/p&gt;

The "down payment about $ 180,000, I barely can afford." The same day, Cheng
paid a 10,000 yuan deposit,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), then pay the down
payment,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and materials to apply for loans
submitted to banks for approval.

"In accordance with this change,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), in addition to transaction taxes,
I at least have the first sexual intercourse 270,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ),000 yuan paying back the
principal,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), if you want to enjoy the maximum
interest rates,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), have to come up with 36
million,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), far more than my ability to pay."
Cheng said. Cheng from the rural areas of Hunan, financial difficulties,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the parents are unable to support
him to buy a house. He wanted a lot of ways to scrape together enough money.
Measure repeatedly, Cheng had to give up to buy a house.

Related articles:

  * [000 yuan of money](http://development.recruitlook.com/index.php?do=/W648ajdsh/blog/000-yuan-of-money/ "http://development.recruitlook.com/index.php?do=/W648ajdsh/blog/000-yuan-of-money/" )
  * [can not use the name of the population do](http://littleangelshentai.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=11130 "http://littleangelshentai.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=11130" )
  * &lt;a href="[http://www.dhanrajs.com/network/profile.php?user=Waba36jb43&amp;v=comments](http://www.dhanrajs.com/network/profile.php?user=Waba36jb43&v=comments "http://www.dhanrajs.com/network/profile.php?user=Waba36jb43&v=comments" )" target="_blank"&gt;Teachers rooted Township 39 years due to liver cancer fell ill on the podium (Figure)&lt;/a&gt;


##  Fujian.

To accurately express the image of the young Mao Zedong, the challenge is
unprecedented. To determine the statue at a height of 32 meters, back and
forth through the creative members of the repeated reflection and
investigation.

Dignified facial features, thick hair, micro lock eyebrows, deep eyes,
straight nose, firm and delicate lip profile,[louboutin pas cher](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ),
that broad forehead, so that people came to watch what felt the young Mao
Zedong resolute, handsome, powerfully built. People can not help but recite
Mao Zedong that famous "Patio Changsha: from the" independence in the autumn
cold, the Xiangjiang River to the north, Orange Isle ... despair boundless,
and asked the vast land, Who "

Since then, the combination of Orange Island, geology, hydrology, trees,
vegetation, and the Xiangjiang River on both sides of the mountains and
buildings, distance perspective with a wide range of visual design and
analysis, the statues are given the final 32 meters,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), which coincided with Mao Zedong
writing Patio Changsha "age (32) coincide.

Why statues and the height to 32 meters

The young Mao Zedong bust, more than 8000 stone blocks. These stones are in
Fujian to build a good, compiled on the number, and then try to install, and
then transported to Changsha. Why the detour Dawn
explained,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), had considered the use of local materials,
use of the SUBURBS T-Bay granite, this stone is very hard. However, this
granite iron more spots, not suitable for the character statue. Changsha sky
often presents blue-gray, if the stone is Taebaek, too gray, the lack of
contrast relations are too reflect sunlight, the hierarchical relationship is
not clear in the sunshine, gray T-Bay granite had to give up. After carefully
sampling, and finally used, produced by the Fujian Longyan Yongding Red
"granite. Gray and red rock hard materials, color saturation, color
uniformity, and in different weather conditions, will produce different shades
appear, to bring more imagination.

◎ sculpture 83 meters long, 41 meters wide and 8341 the security forces of Mao
Zedong was the designation.

's age. &lt;/p&gt;

It has been suggested, why not shape a body of Mao Zedong statue. Dawn
explained, showing the body like the way tens of meters high statue is already
very high, but the head only a few meters high, the statue will be very
isolated and awkward, and the statue of shocking it is difficult to show. The
rise of Mao Zedong bust a-like uplift, such as mountains, can be avoided and
the overall portrait in the far horizons of the formation of thin isolated
sense on the sandbar between water and sky
green,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), and strengthen the spirit of Mao
Zedong's temperament and great style, but also ratio between the formation of
a more coordinated and surrounding the unique environment of space.

&lt;p&gt;The beginning of the creation,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), sculptor dawn
to collect and read a lot of photographs and artistic images of Mao Zedong,
youth, middle age and old age, but also view the video works and text
materials. Among them, the photos of Mao Zedong in Guangzhou in 1925 aroused
his attention, and this year is the year of Mao Zedong creation Qinyuanchun
Changsha. From the pictures that, when Mao Zedong keep in separately, seemed
more rules solemn, it was his personality tends to a steady stage by the
passionate.

Yesterday was the 116 birthday of the founding leader Chairman Mao Zedong. A
height of 32 meters, 83 meters long, 41 meters wide, with in China today like
human sculptures --- young Mao Zedong's bust unveiled in Changsha Orange Isle.

Why Yongding red granite

Dawn said the sculpture facing the southeast, on the one hand, the light
needs, so the morning sun in the east can see, the afternoon sun can be seen
on the west side; the other hand, has a moral Zedong Zedong,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), choose "select" the East. The South
are also hotbeds of revolution. Meanwhile, Xiangjiang River to the north, the
wind blowing from the north, the hair is naturally raised, means that the
north blowing wind of the October Revolution.

It is reported that about 70 million yuan of the total investment in the
project. Majestic "mountain body" not only has the shape of meaning, while
using modern scientific and technological means to the mountain to build into
a shell-like structure, in which set the memorial display of historical relics
and picture data, show the year in Changsha explore the road of salvaging the
country's lofty ideals of glorious deeds .

It is understood that the sculpture during the construction period, there are
already many tourists came to watch. Visitors in sculpture as direct access to
the Statue of Liberty torch on to the shoulders of the great statue Dawn said,
through the channel to the sculpture of the head, but mainly in order to
maintain the sculpture, rather than play; visitors not from the sculpture of
the chest went to the shoulders up. "

Why choose the image of Mao Zedong's youth

◎ sculpture stone 8000 Yongding Red, meaning "the Yongding red country.", The
Red Army had been to Yongding County,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), Fujian.

Dawn, the earlier they produced a multiple balloon, 10 meters high, 20 m, 28
m,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), 32 m, they balloon to do test, and finally found a
height of 32 m is most suitable. "Because of the woods there is 16 meters
high, so, certainly not less than 16 meters; but too high, standing on the
Orange Island, vision can not accommodate."

One week turned a deaf ear

The bust of Mao Zedong facing southeast, and the terrain, sunshine, political,
ecological and other perspectives closely integrated.

Before that, China has not so much figurative figure statue, but is a bust.
Dawn said, only the basic image building finished in 1/60 the proportion of
shape, and then has continued to enlarge 1/30,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), 1/10 and 1/2,
and so a variety of proportion.

Why not shape the great body like

Why the statue facing southeast direction

From statue layout perspective, the ideal ride south, east and west of the sun
can shine, but in the specific environment of the Orange Island, If they are
facing south, both sides of the city to see the profile and due to the limited
width of the Chau Tau, stretch open position in the South east about a 38
degree angle position is appropriate. Changsha city in the east, you can see
Mao Zedong's three-quarters of the side, lateral side of the front of the
image, Changsha urban area gradually moved south,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), south-easterly direction to be
able to see more positive statue, which is ideal. And these viewpoints are
Hexi Yuelushan,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), background, as the season changes will have
a magical effect, such as popular in mountains "," storied dye "in from the
west, sculpture, silhouette and back the same can highlight Mao Zedong's
demeanor and temperament.

In the creative process, the dawn of this photo is modeled together, the image
of Mao Zedong, the youth and middle age thinking, and ultimately shape the
long hair flowing young Mao Zedong's artistic image. Dawn said the young Mao
Zedong has cleaned up the who's child, Andhra speech floating base "lofty
ambitions" Young, in their prime, "the exuberant vitality, pointing Jiangshan
Jiyangwenzi" revolutionary spirit "in the poet revolutionaries, revolutionary
poet,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the image in my mind constantly
flashback.

Related articles:

  * [rang the doorbell](http://gxrenfa.com/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz3b6.showtopic.5963.html "http://gxrenfa.com/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz3b6.showtopic.5963.html" )
  * [we have one place to another'. Then took the girl to leave."](http://loiteringwriters.com/activity/p/56167/ "http://loiteringwriters.com/activity/p/56167/" )
  * ['s right front tire puncture](http://www.yoosabuy.com/index.php/members/home "http://www.yoosabuy.com/index.php/members/home" )


##  Do you remember what your year to take the exam

Do you remember what your year to take the
exam,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the essay topic is it Do you think
this year around the college entrance examination subject which is most
difficult for you,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), which you most likely to Want you
to do that you have the confidence to take how many points Welcome leave your
valuable comments.

"Looking at the stars and down to earth" is in Beijing this year's college
entrance examination essay. Around friends that this year the most difficult
college entrance essay,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Anhui
Province composition. This is the composition of a given material,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), given
material is a philosophical poem - "exchange water to hold the city ramp,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), bulk for one thousand Creek over
ten thousand. Depths Link rice shallow,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), not deep and shallow species of
lotus require students caused by the resulting poem thinking and
association,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), of writing. Hunan's college
entrance essay "early",[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), netizens think is a difficult to
write an essay with "problems" of
Chongqing,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the subject is very simple,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), just a word,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), without any material and tips.
Rating: "On the surface the easiest is actually the hardest."

's college entrance essay around the hot spots of society involved in more and
more,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), more and more provinces in the
material composition of a more common method is the current hot social issues
into the exam. &lt;/p&gt;

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&g
t;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt
;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Feedback]

Related articles:

  * [The staff member replied](http://www.wholesalewiki.org/show.php?tid=82986 "http://www.wholesalewiki.org/show.php?tid=82986" )
  * [. But to the front of the aircraft](http://ana-unique.com/society/members/home "http://ana-unique.com/society/members/home" )
  * [90 after the most beautiful](http://hafyws.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=738473 "http://hafyws.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=738473" )


##  Yuzhong Committee Propaganda Department

&lt;p&gt;The community of King She said many times she wanted to obtain money
to express my gratitude to the yellow peace he refused.
,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" )

Social units,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), if the purchase needs,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), please contact the 10 named Person
of the office, moved to Chongqing.

Moved to Chongqing,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), "forthcoming books

Related News

&lt;p&gt;Recommended: Yuzhong Committee Propaganda Department

Moved Hotline: 023-6370613063706277

's wife King said her mother,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), if not enthusiastic yellow
peace,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), his wife ten days two weeks are
could not make the first floor. Jiang grandfather's cabin,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), a total of 22 steps,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), three
corners,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), yellow peace per week on average to
carry him down the stairs 2-3 times in eight years, up and down the less there
are two or three thousand trips. &lt;/p&gt;

Touched by the stories of people out of the book it! Expand the influence of
the contest moved to Chongqing Ten people will be touched by the character of
the spirit of further developing the contest organized by the Office,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), prepared by
experts,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), this year, now 2008, the year
moved by stories of people assembled into a book. Book full name and moved to
Chongqing - those shock to our people and things, "Person of the Year
(2008,2009),[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the public offering will be the end
of September.

Related articles:

  * [Department of Finance and Deputy Chief](http://www.ukercn.com/home//space.php?uid=105548&do=blog&id=2661476 "http://www.ukercn.com/home//space.php?uid=105548&do=blog&id=2661476" )
  * [Zhu Zhuren also expressed surprise. Zhuzhu Ren said](http://yuzg.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=36675 "http://yuzg.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=36675" )
  * [to see what you mean](http://www.streamxy.com/2008/11/05/b2evolution-an-alternative-to-wordpress/ "http://www.streamxy.com/2008/11/05/b2evolution-an-alternative-to-wordpress/" )


##  00 yesterday

According to informed sources, the table siblings because a lot of money
inheritance conflicts. The last woman hired a man to limit the freedom of
cousin.

&lt;p&gt;A license plate Su EBJ317 "silver-gray Honda commercial vehicle
parked in the parking lot of the Chianan apartment. Commercial vehicle front
license plate,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), at 0:00 yesterday, and more,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), this car commercial vehicles
moved into the district.

In the next-door neighbor,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the woman over 30-year-old, short
hair, handsome face, alone, will not take the initiative and neighbors say
hello. She has an over 10-year-old boy,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), usually carrying a bag and out of the
mother and son do not like to talk to strangers.

's men and another man came into the apartment of Chianan. &lt;/p&gt;

No one has seen the husband of the woman next door,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), can occasionally see a white-haired old man and out.

Foreign vehicles,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), the security to carry out routine
inspections. The driver was a middle-aged men,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), the security guard
said,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), looking for friends, friends,
live in a 604.

A unit 604, the head of household is a middle-aged woman, the people of Hong
Kong, business, usually driving a Cadillac.

603 next door to Ms. Lu home, kitchen, two face-to-face. Ms. Lu said that the
number of not more than usually they cook,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the next door neighbor's kitchen
cook fewer. In the evening,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the lights of the people next door
rarely lit.

After a preliminary investigation, the police restrictions on freedom of man
is the cousin of the woman.

A few days ago, Ms. Lu family's aunt found a strange thing,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), a few men (middle-aged, the elderly
also) a day to 604 the door, hard knock on the
door,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), did not look friendly, knock for
a while, see nothing, and walked away.

Related articles:

  * [ The police preliminary judgment](http://www.d4world.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7344 "http://www.d4world.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7344" )
  * [4 days morning](http://www.shuntian.org/plus/view.php?aid=7254 "http://www.shuntian.org/plus/view.php?aid=7254" )
  * [network reached to open conditions](http://www.fendy-design.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=8119 "http://www.fendy-design.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=8119" )


##  because his wife is sick

People's Liberation Army 181 Hospital
psychologist,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), said the doctor, mental
illness,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), self-mutilation, murder cases,
especially in the spring season, is an extremely dangerous for the mentally
ill. Data shows,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), spring rape in full bloom, are mentally ill
went to pieces, restless period of the high relapse rate, people also have a
"yellow cauliflower,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), idiot busy," the statement, the
family in the spring to pay special attention to such patients . (Zhao)

Half an hour later, he was trying to enter the housing, a sight that stunned
him: his wife, even hanged. He cried with a loud voice, two daughters, and no
one answered. Walked into her bedroom, and saw his two daughters were lying on
the ground motionless, the eldest daughter's face covered in blood.

LEUNG Chi's sister-in-law lived next to his house. She said that the segment
Betty suddenly two years ago, suffering from intermittent psychosis, seizures
four times the onset of the longest time. On January 30, paragraph Betty
muddle drink a few mouthfuls of pesticides after the hospital to save lives.
After returning home, the segment Betty seems to restore sanity. However, in
the afternoon of February 12, she said her two daughters to go to the village
temple to worship Buddha on the way but took two daughters and a step by step
to move towards the river, her eldest daughter, strong pulling sister and
refusing to go forward cries for help alerted nearby villagers heard the news
of the villagers hurriedly called to LEUNG Chi to save the mother and
daughters home.

's brother, said the night of February 13, paragraph LEUNG Chi's wife, Betty
(a pseudonym) personally killed two daughters,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), and then hanged
himself in the rafters. &lt;/p&gt;

LEUNG Chi's keening disturb the neighborhood of four homes. They're touched
his daughter's chest and found that also the warmth, and quickly give
artificial respiration, also called the handlebar children rushed to hospital.
Unfortunately, the doctor died,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the child
passed away. The doctors said his eldest daughter, is the blunt instruments
percussion temple died, little daughter is to be grabbed the neck and
suffocate.

&lt;p&gt;Want to pay special attention to the mentally ill in the spring

After the incident, found a bloody hammer in the house. We believe that the
paragraph Betty after the onset of the disease, to kill two daughters and
committed suicide by hanging. One villager said: "section of Betty spiritual
normal two daughters love there every day to her daughter hair, daughter,
splendidly dressed, perhaps, after the onset of the disease, she unwittingly
commit suicide, but do not want two daughter, will have to take them to 'go'.
"

Mother and daughters dead at home

LEUNG Chi said, because his wife is sick, every time he went out, will be told
that the daughter, who always looked at her,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), to prevent
accidents, and did not expect was such a sad tragedy.

It is understood that, LEUNG Chi was the village primary school teacher, the
paragraph Betty graduated from a secondary school in Guilin. LEUNG Chi often
to Guilin meeting, met with paragraph Betty fell in love. A Liu villagers
said, LEUNG Chi husband and wife were married for 17 years, the villagers
rarely see them fight. LEUNG Chi always said to the villagers, wife older than
himself, everything should let her, the family will be harmonious.

Recalled that tragic scene,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), LEUNG Chi can not help but shed a
tear: the morning of the 13th, the wife to help him install Penggan,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), he would lug Penggan out. Xu,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), on the 11th that night when he got home, the door
and back door locked. He thought his wife and two daughters to bed. He did not
bring the keys, they cry at the door, but no response; call home landline
phone, cell phone constantly has been no answer.

The destruction of a good family people lament

LEUNG Chi contracting dozens of acres of
orchards,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), there are three or four one hundred
Penggan and hundreds of trees, pear trees, but also other fruits and
watermelons, the couple hardworking, simple, every harvest season, will come
up with some fruit to give neighbors have turned. 2006, LEUNG Chi house built
new houses, many villagers like to go to his house, playing cards, each
playing cards, paragraph Betty not only come up with fruits and entertain
everyone, but also cooking cooking for everyone to eat.

The massacre shocked the entire village.

Liang sister said, the evening of 13, her granddaughter in paragraph Betty
home with her to chat to 21:00, the sense of paragraph Betty fairly normal. At
about 10 o'clock, she shouted: "Mom, do not, you do not pinch sister vaguely
hear the segment Betty daughter in their own homes!" Waiting for her to run in
the past, the cry is already stopped,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), she
did not knock on the door inside.

It is understood that LEUNG Chi family was fairly good condition, basically no
life stress. For his wife why suddenly suffering from mental illness, LEUNG
Chi said "So far, I still could not understand".

Normal when her daughter loved

"Too bad, they are such a wonderful family said they please, really things are
unpredictable!" Named Li villagers said.

Related articles:

  * [Old woman was taken away by the grandson of blackmail daughter 300 000 jailed for five years](http://www.myranks.com/profile.php?user=w3nsingson&v=comments "http://www.myranks.com/profile.php?user=w3nsingson&v=comments" )
  * [in addition to part of the Nanshan District](http://vendor.altervista.org/wordpress/lang/en/2009/06/01/snow-leopard-is-about-to-be-freed/comment-page-107/ "http://vendor.altervista.org/wordpress/lang/en/2009/06/01/snow-leopard-is-about-to-be-freed/comment-page-107/" )
  * [often urging us as soon as possible to get married](http://packersfeverfanclub.com/heiser-packers-kuhn-hasnt-forgotten-york-county-roots/ "http://packersfeverfanclub.com/heiser-packers-kuhn-hasnt-forgotten-york-county-roots/" )


##  The child admission for some reason continuous Hugh Park

"Some parents may ask why have not charges this year to start charging " The
staff said, because this school year, the introduction of Chongqing price
[2009] No. 456 document, public kindergartens have such provisions: The child
admission for some reason continuous Hugh Park,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), one month and more,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), and handle the formalities of the
park is closed in advance conservation education fee basis having 30% of the
fees charged. "Some private kindergartens began this year with reference to
this standard."

District Board of Education: Kindergarten fees to prepare the matter

's classes during the summer vacation." Cold principal said that the
commencement of this reason. Of course, during which some children were not in
class, regardless of whether the class,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the teacher's total wage to be paid
as usual, kindergartens should be normal operation, about to graduate or
transfer of park children would not have to pay the money. &lt;/p&gt;

Live in Yubei District in the Water district Ms. Wong said her child in the
land of nursery school during the summer parents can choose the class or not
on "regular kindergarten schedule, but also learn something; he and I father
at work are busy, so let him go to school. "

Cold principal took out a notice that, which is distributed to the
parents,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), the notice stated the
implementation of the charges is based on the price of Chongqing [2009] No.
456 document. We see that the above also says the use of fees and charges:
holiday holiday during the period of payment of staff wages,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), workers must pay social insurance,
venue rentals and a variety of facilities and equipment loss ...

Surnamed Yuan's parents said she was worried that the summer is too hot, for
fear that the child can not stand, and would not let their children go to
kindergarten. But she can not figure is not in class and also received more
than 100 yuan enrollment management fees, or on completion of not industry.

&lt;p&gt;Selected during the summer to do a clothing business Wu also allow
children to kindergarten. "My toddlers usually at home,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), self-willed not to eat, to eat two
small bowls in kindergarten,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), so we hope he was at school."

The summer school,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), or look at the arrangements of the
parents

Recently,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), we have also received many other
kindergartens of the city of parents: kindergarten to hold the summer, if the
child class, to pay a management fee.

Zhicheng Jiao Bureau, Jiangbei District Board of Education staff, the
reasonable cost of education under the Private Education Promotion Law, the
private kindergarten may determine the fees to the Education Commission and
the Price Bureau for the record, Chongqing and Pearl kindergarten record.
,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Kindergartens have been different
from the ordinary primary and secondary education does not,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepascher.com" ), strictly speaking,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), winter and summer vacations, so
the children not in class can be regarded as leave or park is closed halfway.

Related articles:

  * [Division practice is illegal practice](http://dxbunderground.com/blog/ "http://dxbunderground.com/blog/" )
  * [sitting on the ground. Judge will she up](http://captsolo.net/info/blog_a.php/2005/07/04/cute_japanese_bullet_train#comments "http://captsolo.net/info/blog_a.php/2005/07/04/cute_japanese_bullet_train#comments" )
  * [Kindergarten to use the phase-out vehicles to pick up the child and serious overloading](http://www.asian-u.com/profile.php?user=nihaoz6h1&v=comments "http://www.asian-u.com/profile.php?user=nihaoz6h1&v=comments" )


##  under the spur

,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
)&lt;p&gt;The Wang
confusion,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), after eating washing powder and
JiuXinWan boyfriend seeing 120 alarm call. Friend Wang,[louboutin](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ),
Wang no danger. Woman and her boyfriend quarrel eat half a pack of washing
powder Sina Copyright

's friend,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Wang and her boyfriend in a
rented house quarrel because of emotional problems,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), the woman
shortness of breath,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), under the spur,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), home to half a pack of washing
powder eaten swallowed down,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), and then turn a bottle of JiuXinWan.
At this time,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Wang's friend came quickly to
persuade them not to commit suicide. &lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * ["We funded a poisonous snake](http://new.hbjhart.com/jzyj/plus/view.php?aid=26744 "http://new.hbjhart.com/jzyj/plus/view.php?aid=26744" )
  * [cold sleep in Internet cafes](http://orielwin.com/blogs/513/40501/after-dinner "http://orielwin.com/blogs/513/40501/after-dinner" )
  * [he also "She is filled with" as an excuse to be discouraged.](http://speak.every.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=141105 "http://speak.every.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=141105" )


##  can not determine the white pills are not sleeping pills.

Yesterday was a lack of sunny days next few days, cloudy days will continue
for a psychiatrist to give some suggestions.

She suggested that, in the light and the weather is better, do more outdoor
sports, and more exposure to the sun,
relax,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), it is a good mental health.

To live with her friends see that the news Wang difficult to accept.

's SMS baby, I wish you happiness! &lt;/p&gt;

Wang of young girls because of the emotional entanglements want to give up
young lives, I hope she can as quickly as possible and find a happy life. We
wish her.

Experts say

Komago inner tube from the quarters of a Wang to take the tablets to the
hospital, the doctor looked after, can not determine the white pills are not
sleeping pills. , Amy No life-threatening, but the mood is quite low,
regardless of friends discourage holding a cell phone from time to time to
pony phone to send text messages, but always without any echo.

Abortion,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), just three days after Wang's body in
the recovery period, the colt made a break.

The doctor said

"In recent days,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), she has been wrong, in tears all
day." Xiao Sun said, "18-10pm, the night shift when received her text
messages,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), on the one sentence: Baby, I wish
you happiness. I did not want to go back to sleep. 6:00 today I found called
also called can not afford her to bed a white bottle nearly empty. I am
anxious to cry,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and then friends and hit 120. "

Wang and her roommates in the flyover zone, a
supermarket,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), a year ago, Wang is still away from the
wall near the international airport, a hotel to do the foreman, became
acquainted with a pony to go to a restaurant for dinner, they gradually
developed into a lover. They usually relationship,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but,
like other lovers, and occasionally some altercation.

Recently,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Amy discovered she was
pregnant,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), had an abortion were accompanied to
the hospital in the pony.

&lt;p&gt;Autumn and winter prone to depression and more outdoor sports
exposure to sunlight

Wang girl no life-threatening,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), but the mood was very low

In addition, if the heart is really what knot to be untied, it is best to see
a psychiatrist.

Mental health center, mental, director Qiu Huimin said, some people think the
fall of the suicide rate will be high, but this argument has not been
confirmed. However,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the fall and winter sunshine is
relatively small, it is generally prone to depression, caused by the spirit of
good,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), if not liking the thing may be more
serious.

Related articles:

  * [Day of the incident](http://www.ourcisco.com-wolf-tcpip-www.ourcisco.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=47445&extra= "http://www.ourcisco.com-wolf-tcpip-www.ourcisco.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=47445&extra=" )
  * [Ximen. Friends](http://www.keiomcc.net/sekigaku-blog/2012/07/post_504.html#comments "http://www.keiomcc.net/sekigaku-blog/2012/07/post_504.html#comments" )
  * [after all](http://my.pc-wizard.net/index.php?do=/sfhis76zfg/blog/after-all-10/ "http://my.pc-wizard.net/index.php?do=/sfhis76zfg/blog/after-all-10/" )


##  Witnesses said Mr. Liu

,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" )&lt;p&gt;Witnesses said Mr. Liu,
Wie fell to the ground,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), next play is a blue wire rod. Wie
fell to the ground,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), Luo Village two security guard heard
the news rushed, rushed the court trying to rescue the
past,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), they just run into the water of the
stadium, like a shock, and quickly back. Subsequently,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the security guard, borrowed a
wooden ladder on the golf course on the concrete
floor,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), stepping on the wooden ladder across
the water,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the Wie body removed from telephone poles.

Guangzhou Power Supply Bureau staff tested, the concrete floor of the stadium
did not live phenomenon, Wie has touched the blue wire rod charged. Yesterday
afternoon, the Guangzhou Power Supply Bureau issued a circular to said Wie
identify the electrocution death of reasons: the court within the two
spotlights line failure, resulting in leakage,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), thus making the spotlights live
telephone poles. And said,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), spotlights fault leakage of the
Power Supply Bureau has nothing to do.

Wie of the accident by the Shantou people who started reading in the Baiyun
District,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), Yan the Lotte Memorial Middle
School with his mother and younger brother and younger sister live in the
stadium near the White Lotus Road West, a rental. Last night,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Michelle and several partners
play on the pitch in opposite Bai Liandong Street on the 13th, when, suddenly
fell,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and 120 died. &lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [ According to Zhong'an Online](http://cinsinc.com/activity/p/59895/ "http://cinsinc.com/activity/p/59895/" )
  * [but than expected. "](http://wiki.mytype.com/index.php/User:%C2%BD%C3%B1%C3%88%C3%95869r#but_than_expected._.22 "http://wiki.mytype.com/index.php/User:%C2%BD%C3%B1%C3%88%C3%95869r#but_than_expected._.22" )
  * [Chen Maoguo defense lawyer Xiongren Qin quoted Chen Maoguo this objection](http://www.arm9home.net/read.php?tid-974.html "http://www.arm9home.net/read.php?tid-974.html" )


##  Paul missing anything tricky. "Mr. Zhang questioned.

The school was said to want to change, the original waste. Such a hurry to
notice, behind sure thing, Paul missing anything tricky. "Mr. Zhang
questioned.

School response

"The school did not force change,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), but the child comparisons, the
equivalent of coercion." Mr. Zhang stressed.

Parents questioned the "chain" of interest, her innocence straight,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), old and new uniforms are using the
same supplier, and is specified by the City Board of Education, there is no
"suppliers" regarding.

September,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), after school, parents and
teachers of Chuiyangliu center have received notice of the new semester to
update the style of the uniforms, and immediately began subscriptions.
&lt;/p&gt;

School completely to allow students to wear uniforms of the different models,
even different school uniforms, the school hopes that after about six years of
"natural selection",[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the new uniforms
unity,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), rather than hurry.

&lt;p&gt; The Tong principals really took office only six months, she found
the old school uniform design to a lack of vitality, regarding the proposed
replacement in the school
meeting,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), unanimously adopted by the
leading bodies decided to promote the new school uniforms during the school.

As for why the school after the replacement of school uniforms, the the Tong
principal explained that the summer holidays have been busy around the school
campus seismic reinforcement work,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com" ), as well as
student placement,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), has been not empty.

Principal: the supplier for the City Board of Education specified does not
exist the so-called "shady"

In September of this year, the Central Primary School to confirm receipt of
the peripheral part of the two primary students, these students were wearing
the uniforms of the previous school. With this year's newly enrolled freshmen,
"New Life" and more, it is a good time to be replaced.

Do education really hard, I am sure not to drop the brand. "Said Tong
principal emotion, she hopes parents do not put words muffled said,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpaschera.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpaschera.com" ), can direct communication with the school to
eliminate misunderstanding.

The news aroused the dissatisfaction of some parents. Mr. Zhang,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascher.com" ), who lives in
Jinsong,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), said his daughter this year, fourth
grade,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), the end of the last semester, for fear the children
clothes enough to wear two sets of old uniforms, specially ordered from the
school.

Related articles:

  * [At present](http://www.otistarda.org/en/plus/view.php?aid=78495 "http://www.otistarda.org/en/plus/view.php?aid=78495" )
  * [take a look at yoga will allow beliefs shaken.](http://www.fumaostone.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=194391 "http://www.fumaostone.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=194391" )
  * ['s facial expressions](http://www.xintupo.com/space.php?uid=47370&do=blog&id=620585 "http://www.xintupo.com/space.php?uid=47370&do=blog&id=620585" )


##  ​​reflection" and sentenced Kang to life imprisonment.

​​reflection" and sentenced Kang to life imprisonment.,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" )&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [fire-fighting personnel are to check the safety of the building body.](http://www.gametalks.cc/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=331203&extra= "http://www.gametalks.cc/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=331203&extra=" )
  * ['s eight dolphins baby football star's name](http://bbs.codingthink.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=141391 "http://bbs.codingthink.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=141391" )
  * [and angrily hit Zhao few slap in the face](http://www.buddinet.com/SYB/2010/12/houston-red-light-cameras.html#comments "http://www.buddinet.com/SYB/2010/12/houston-red-light-cameras.html#comments" )


##  Many people nearby heard a loud noise

&lt;p&gt;15 am yesterday, Yanji City, the municipal government held a press
conference, gave a briefing on the matter.

Also placed near the mouth of the tank farms tanks ventilation
equipment,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the short cement wall stood
drinks, helmets and other items. A written maintenance construction, please
understand the words brand stand against the wall. Beverage bottles, floors,
walls,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), etc., are red blood stains. In the gas
station north side of the entrance on the ground, but also see scattered the
intestines and other body organs, live miserable. Rescue personnel to
determine the missing workers had been killed.

Limb was bombed flew hundred meters

After the incident, police and fire departments arrived on the scene to deal
with blown apart because of the victims, rescuers looking for the corpses of
the victims - in the gas station west side of the middle of the road distance
from the gas station about 50 meters. The rescue workers found an arm of the
victims, rescue workers found a leg; within about 100 meters from the gas
station at the road on the west side of the deep groove. Then, rescuers got a
carton, and cover up those limbs, and sent police to the guardian.

Connecting the air hose, the the deflagration deceased 49-year-old

■ Incident Reporting

Subsequently, the fire and rescue personnel on the mouth of the tank area a
tank still smoking the smoke. At the same time,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), rescuers learned that one is the tank farm construction workers disappeared
after the deflagration,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), smoke, fire and rescue staff view on the tank, did not find the missing
workers. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;After the incident,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Yanji
municipal government immediately start the hazardous chemicals emergency
rescue plan, and municipal safety
supervision,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), public security, fire, emergency and
other departments to the scene to rescue. Yanji city government set up the
accident investigation team, currently under investigation of the accident,
seizure Xing'an gas station accident, and requested that the accident unit to
properly handle the funeral, held responsible in accordance with principles
deal with the accident "left off".

Many people nearby heard a loud noise, came to the scene crowd, but they have
not seen the incident.

However, rescue workers searched around the site, but could not find the head
and trunk of the victims. In order to find the corpses of the victims, the
fire department will give high fire engine open to the the Xing'an gas station
north side of empty is located in the ladder slowly rise, two fire officers
and soldiers standing on top of the lift car to the roof of the two gas
stations view.

The Xing'an gas station in Yanji City, Far East Energy Development
Co.,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), Ltd. has about 20 years of history,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), is a relatively large local gas
station.

As for the plum and the company is a temporary employment or other
relationship, whether with the relevant construction qualification, as well as
the cause of the accident, the accident investigation team are doing further
investigation.

It is understood that the victims plum 49-year-old male, Heilongjiang
Province, the city people. Day of the incident 6 pm, plum and other people
came to the tank farm construction, to connect the air hose air supply to the
tank body, the empty tank residues harmful gas emissions, and then install the
barrier explosion-proof materials, and, behold, The accident occurred in the
second to connect the air supply pipe emissions of harmful gases. Oil vapor
deflagration, plum were killed and two other workers, was not injured from the
scene farther.

Meng Yong, Secretary of Yanji City Administration Bureau, Yanji City, Far East
Energy Development Co., Ltd. of Jilin Province, the National High-tech oil
equipment contract Xing'an gas station tank barrier proof technological
transformation project construction, at 9:20 on July 15 Xu,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), the company's workers plum required by the company to install the barrier
to the oil tank explosion-proof material, in the process of connecting the air
hose, oil vapor deflagration accident occurs, resulting in the plum one person
died on the spot.

Found the body and blood of the victims fell to the ground, Mr. Wang to feel
terror: "a terrible thing, I really did not expect the bloody fall as if it
rains, as was so miserable."

To draw lessons from the accident,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), to strengthen the safety management of
the gas station,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), to avoid similar accidents from recurring,
Yanji City Safety Committee has developed on production safety special
rectification and inspection of all the gas stations from now on to the end of
August to conduct a comprehensive inspection station safety in production, the
accident-prone, frequent multiple construction in progress, the focus of
special rectification.

Personnel had been taken away by police

The accident the Xing'an gas station on the north side of the tank area, 6
short wall of cement tank entrance, buried six underground tanks, exploding
the east side of the second tank. The tank farm, piled up next to a large
number of construction materials, site personnel said that the construction is
to use explosion-proof net.

With Xing'an gas stations separated by a wall of a warehouse, Mr. Wang is the
warehouse staff. After the time of the accident, he was at the door,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), I heard the loud crash of thunder ",
looked up, he was scared. Mr. Wang said: gas stations jump a stream of black
smoke, and then they see a lot of things from heaven fall down a small ladder
is the air to fall. "

Miserable! Seen exploding scene, people do not consciously suck down an air-
conditioned, the worker died too hard.

, Yanji City Administration Bureau has been achieved with the construction
unit of Jilin Province, Sheng High-tech personnel of the Petroleum Equipment
Co., Ltd. to contact the person in charge of the company are rushing to Yanji
on the way. After hearing the victims family members, also rushed to the road
in Yanji.

Witnesses: blood like rain

Related articles:

  * [then left the store.](http://salonecollegemeet.com/blogs/posts/sfhis83imc "http://salonecollegemeet.com/blogs/posts/sfhis83imc" )
  * [Ltd. the name and date.](http://bbs.henan100.com/thread-325825-1-1.html "http://bbs.henan100.com/thread-325825-1-1.html" )
  * ['long' neck Friends of 'help list](http://92ep.com/plus/view.php?aid=61703 "http://92ep.com/plus/view.php?aid=61703" )


##  born on May 20

Jie Wu said, if the case is cracked, and sometimes can not find the child's
biological parents, they will consider the child to stay in the orphanage for
adoption by eligible families, "We very much hope to find the child's
biological parents as soon as possible, so that they return to their families.
"

According to Yang's testimony,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), investigators police that night
around 7:00 in the home is located in Jiujiang City, Nanhu district Yang
mother found two other girls, which was about 6-year-old claiming to be called
"trace", another about 3-year-old called "Lele."

The situation at the scene to see the presence of police and property are very
worried.

's home soon rescued the other two trapped girls. The captivity girls man
Yang, on suspicion of illegal detention, child abuse, has been Jingfangxingju.
&lt;/p&gt;

Fear of being "Daddy killed the girls to stop the skid chain

"Babe," said she and her baby often help "Dad" laundry, "Dad" is often chained
to their reason is "I'm afraid we opened the door and run around", where
"Lele" because of the relatively small generally with a rope leash, chained
hurts, no pain with a rope. "

Police soon arrested Yang, Yang said that the child is adopted by his mother.

Bulletin said, "After a lot of investigation, police investigators found
September 15, the biological parents of the two of them girls, they admitted
that her own daughter through an intermediary, forwarded to the Yang raising
the other two girls' identity under investigation, the suspects Yang on
suspicion of illegal detention, child abuse Lushan District Public Security
Bureau Detention. "

In the Criminal Investigation Brigade, "Silk said that she and" Le Le "and
live together, the" grandmother "grandmother" often beat her, but also her
little brother (Yang's son) clothes, no clean fight, "some time ago, 'Dad'
chained my hands, now still painful".

Yang evil, Jiujiang police attention. The day of the murder, the panel
immediately divided into groups and traveled around the investigation and
evidence collection.

With doubt, the person in charge of the district several property management
took the spare key to open the door of the 504 rooms, shocking is that in this
rough room,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), kitchen location, found that the two
were thumb thick chains firmly lock live girls, about 1.5 m long chains tied
to one in the water pipes under the sill, the other end of the trap a child's
wrist.

In the living room, piled on the ground a few bed dilapidated fleece Trousers
quilt and two bags of dirty and worn. Also take a single
bed,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the floor is covered with a mat,
sent bursts of stench, "Later, two children, said, every night, 'Daddy' meal
delivery will unlock their chains, while the ' father 'night is to live here,'
Daddy 'sleep on the bed, they sleep on the floor.

The case attracted police attention, Lushan District Public Security Bureau of
Criminal Investigation Brigade the day of the rapid deployment of police, set
up a task force of the full investigation.

Been to rescue the little girl was placed in the orphanage

Police arrested the suspects and then save the two girls

Wuli police station of the Lushan District Public Security Bureau, the
Criminal Investigation Brigade of the police has rushed to the scene.
Initially,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the two girls to see so many strangers,
afraid of crying, to ask their parents and families are unable to answer.

Gradually, the children are willing to speak, intermittent exchanges, we know
that two children called a "baby", one called "Babe", "they said, is the
father they locked up in here every night , and my father would deliver meals
to come. "

Two girls chained in the rough housing

Two three-year-old girls,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), ragged, unkempt, the body covered with mosquito bites, flies
erythema,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), body odor unpleasant. A long time before
they recovered the property management staff, and quickly dialed "110".

13 pm, our cleaning staff discovered the suspicious circumstances of
residential property management at Procter &amp; Gamble in charge of paragraph
Huarong said cleaning staff sweeping health, 8,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), Unit 3,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), downstairs in the bushes there
are several discarded balls, while the district has just submitted did not
take long,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), and there is no declaration of
property owners living, "We went upstairs to see, I did not see
someone,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), so do not take too much notice.

Two girls' biological parents has been found

But when asked about the child where, last name, the two children, said "do
not know. Paragraph Huarong also specifically asked the two children: "you
lock your fathers it " No, after my father! "Two children answered in unison.
In exchange, we feel that a child with a Henan accent.

Xu, Jiujiang City Public Security Bureau in the the Jiujiang News Forum opened
at 15:30 on the 16th, "Lang said police matter" released the case of
"briefing" on "chained girls. The notification said the suspects Yang, male,
Han nationality, born on May 20,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), 1972, high school, Jiujiang
Lushan District people.

Two girls relax and property management staff bought the milk,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), and snacks to coax them to eat.
Two children may be hungry for too long, quietly drinking the milk. Mother's
segment Huarong, continue to try and children, and children's emotional this
gradually stabilized.

Ray kept Jiujiang City, affordable housing, residential property management
office of the director of engineering. According to him, the imprisoned girls
live at 8, Unit 3, 504 rooms, the plot of the Sakura Garden, the house is to
cross the room on September 3, last week, has been gradually owners began
renovation.

Agreed to by the police in the afternoon of the 16th Jiangxi many media rushed
to the Jiujiang City Social Welfare, see "Le Le", "Silk", "baby", "Babe" four
children. At that time, the Ministry of institutionalized children Renwu Jie
is with them and other children play with the four children are very happy
smile.

Ray kept the whole, has been around at 15:00 on the 14th, several renovation
workers found that, on the eight floor, a window, install bike shed little
girl looked down from the windowsill without any protective equipment, at any
time fell to the danger.

&lt;p&gt;The workers immediately told the district security. Security heard
and felt something very strange, because the building did not declare to live
and residential units electronic door lock, child and how to enter it

Related articles:

  * [The case is under further review.](http://worldlinshi.com/bbs//viewthread.php?tid=797771&extra= "http://worldlinshi.com/bbs//viewthread.php?tid=797771&extra=" )
  * [ Reflections](http://nagejf.com/viewthread.php?tid=8418&extra= "http://nagejf.com/viewthread.php?tid=8418&extra=" )
  * [he cautioned the students to plan their own future](http://josedrivera.com/forums/index.php?topic=188782.msg306366#msg306366 "http://josedrivera.com/forums/index.php?topic=188782.msg306366#msg306366" )


##  Chen gang hand and "beheaded" Contact obtain Piaozi

Printed on the card is beautiful, the fact "beheaded" Introduction to the
prostitution of women with very different on the picture. Clients without the
knowledge of the requirements of substitutions or discount Piaozi of Chen gang
members would be subjected to beatings.

's new ambition to become very large. &lt;/p&gt;

Period,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), Chen with two "beheaded" a good relationship, the
end of 2009,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), start all over again when the boss
has expanded steadily.

Clients through the yellow card on the
phone,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), talk given Observations stay
hotel name and room number in the newspaper, Chen gang hand and "beheaded"
Contact obtain Piaozi,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), the three divide up the profits.
General Observations But the night time 300 yuan, 100 yuan prostitutes,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), "beheaded" 70 130
yuan,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), Chen groups.

Small yellow card behind the profiteering illegal economic

In order to win over the hearts,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Chen new series of preferential conditions:
all gang members to come to Xiamen travel expenses are reimbursed,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), fixed work,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), and also to provide a unified
accommodation and daily living expenses. Organization to go out to work there
are shuttle buses to transport sick or injured members of the medical expenses
and these payments.

&lt;p&gt;This forced plunder, Chen new I have several hundred thousand dollars
of income monthly on hand to sit tight in the first chair of this violent
gang.

Chen's new preferential conditions,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), so that he has
a group of "loyal" men. He has produced a large number of small yellow trick
prostitute cards,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), four distribution,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), which rely on a large number of
younger brother spare.

Related articles:

  * [but does not fight back. Then](http://franciumsoft.net23.net/index.php/User:W642smksh#but_does_not_fight_back._Then "http://franciumsoft.net23.net/index.php/User:W642smksh#but_does_not_fight_back._Then" )
  * ['s Report](http://blog.ispfun.com/2012/01/red-hot-beauty-shruti-hassan/ "http://blog.ispfun.com/2012/01/red-hot-beauty-shruti-hassan/" )
  * ["This is the most suitable college freshmen](http://hox.cc/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=49993&extra= "http://hox.cc/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=49993&extra=" )


##  Xiong Lin said the window is open

According to Xiong recalled last night, his son said to see a friend, drove
off. To see my son again, nearly 3:00 am yesterday, he was covered in wet,
things I would faint. "It turned out that the Bear forest and two friends for
dinner,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), then drive the truck to Ciqikou
terminals,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), "in his impression on the
dock,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), a parking lot, which know the
rising water. car down the driveway headlong into the river, towards the drift
downstream. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In addition to worry about vehicle submersible girl Bruin there is
another thing to worry about more than 2 years of marriage: a son, daughter-
in-law three months of pregnancy, if she knew his son to see ex-
girlfriend,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com" ), my heart nobody knows feeling awful. "

The parties said no stop sign

The two had a lover

Intern Huangyong Zhi Chen Jin

Xiong introduced the woman in the car had been in love three years ago and
bears forest together for about three or four months,[air jordan](http://www
.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), very much
in love, but eventually broke up. According to Mr. Xiong said last night the
girl called around to meet immediately to leave Chongqing and son talk about
old times. "

Bruin's account, Xiong Lin said the window is open, he quickly pulls out from
the windows, "he reach out and pull a friend,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), and several times did not pull out."
Seeing the car would sink, desperation, Xiong Lin had abandoned the vehicle
and escape. Bear forest in the water after struggling a while, swim to the
shore and watched the car was completely submerged in the water. "He climbed
down the fort-like ridge on the wire up an intertrigo.

Survived the bear forest, ready to alarm, but found the phone, wallet all in
the car. He had to struggle all the way back to the home near tianxingqiao
will wake up the parents. Through 114,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com "http://www.airjordanpascherefr.com"
), Bruin linked to several salvage companies, but they should be 8:30 before
work ". 3:00, a man rushed to the scene, but the face of the river unable to
do anything. Police station and fire officers and men rushed to the porcelain
saliva,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), but the rescue failed. Until 7:00 in the
morning,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), only to find three fishing boats
salvage.

Car woman was seen shadow

At present,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the reason for this accident, the
police are full investigation.

"I hope she escaped." Bruin will be so relieved, "her parents drove up to
leave from Henan. Live to see people dead or must be used with people one to
explain."

According to the statement of the Xiong parent quoted Xiong Lin,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
driving down the road,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), did not see any closed to traffic
signs. Dong Hao, Chongqing Qing Yun law firm lawyers believe the driver was
driving on the road, warning signs should be noted that along the way. If the
road owner, or on the road rests with the management and maintenance
responsibility for people and institutions, not to be advance warning of road
access, should bear the corresponding responsibility for the resulting
consequences. Meanwhile, the families of the victims in the accident to the
motorist claims.

Related articles:

  * [the weather is so hot stink](http://www.qiyuan.jp/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=155618&extra= "http://www.qiyuan.jp/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=155618&extra=" )
  * [I was lucky enough to be your son](http://www.cmk.hk/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=495600&extra= "http://www.cmk.hk/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=495600&extra=" )
  * [Man jumping into a river after struggling to swim back to sh](http://www.fct168.com/BBS/showtopic-74677.aspx "http://www.fct168.com/BBS/showtopic-74677.aspx" )


##  the hospital and the family of the deceased consultation

Yesterday morning, the leadership of the community health service centers in
the the Anyuan the community health service stations in Dadong
District,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Shenyang Xindong street department in
charge of Shenyang City Dadong Liaoshen heard the news,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the first time arrived at the home
of the deceased to mediate the matter.

&lt;p&gt;Finally, the hospital and the family of the deceased
consultation,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), diagnosis and treatment of
medical records and the remaining drug archive to be
detected,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), by the contact of the
hospital,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the dead bodies of a judicial
check.

The death of the nephew's aunt is very sad,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), but more angry. The aunt said
that after the incident,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), she went to the hospital to
retrieve the remaining drug and inform the parties to the
doctor,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), but doctors a concern if not
cheerfully said: "look for leadership. "People were
dead,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), she is a human face nor,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), too chilling. Deceased aunt
said. &lt;/p&gt;

One surnamed Cheng said they deplore such widows and orphans of the family,
the hospital should be given more care and comfort. What causes Hailong sudden
death,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the hospital wanted to figure out if
it is the responsibility of the
hospital,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the hospital must bear.

Related articles:

  * [appointment cards on the grounds](http://my.7k7k.pk/space.php?uid=356&do=blog&id=13206 "http://my.7k7k.pk/space.php?uid=356&do=blog&id=13206" )
  * [sometimes there is no road map or encounter on the map wrong](http://www.workitoutstudio.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=123219 "http://www.workitoutstudio.com/forum/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=123219" )
  * [he was every day 6](http://billy.hk/alex/home/space.php?uid=25609&do=blog&id=685499 "http://billy.hk/alex/home/space.php?uid=25609&do=blog&id=685499" )


##  'bang bang bang

Them have a great down- ,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" )

Jiangshan Chen and his two companions carefully driver shift out, carried to a
nearby lawn. "We reported to the police, 120 emergency doctor come at
once,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), do not fall asleep, must hold on
to lay down the driver,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Jiangshan Chen found each other
breathing is very weak,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), in order to let the other party can
survive, he kept his side speak to encourage.

Them a lot of alcohol, the driver also. "Jiangshan Chen recalled the incident
before a few people drinking alcohol seems should be a lot.

Chen Xi food stalls are a small working quickly often run past, followed by
another three or four people are now over. The car is still on the road, the
front to the front,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the body has a ball of scrap
metal. "Chen Xi grain in the dim light,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), I saw four people lying on each side,
in the body 20 meters away,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), the cars have changed the formation
of the "cans".

&lt;p&gt;Fast,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz
"http://www.abercrombiepascherefr.biz" ), the 120,119,122 and other rescue
workers arrived on the scene. While doctors try to rescue, but unfortunately,
was found only one person survived, the other four people regret death.
Thought that only five people, then the speed should be faster. "Chen Xi grain
informed that under field conditions, the car is likely to be at high speed
onto the sidewalk, 1 meter high leap beneath the Road retaining wall, severing
a tree and then hit the wall on the sidewalk outside of the sidewalk.

Subsequently, the car, the only survivors were sent to the south bank of the
district People's Hospital. Rescue efforts by the hospital, the name of Si-
survivors had regained consciousness, but a lung contusion and intrathoracic
blood clots and other internal trauma.

"To the car, did not have to look at others," one of them shouted. Chen
Chiang-shan also do barbecue business quickly and ran to the severe
deformation of the car at this time, the car leaving only the driver of
one,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), was stuck in the cab.

'bang bang bang,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),' several more loud noise." Shortly after
2:20, Chen Xi,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), food and stalls are all are near
loud sound shocked, because of the sound from across the
road,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), the middle of an isolate with a block, they looked at each other wondering,
will soon understand that something was wrong. &lt;/p&gt;

Told the driver must hold

Related articles:

  * [her own fracture injuries in pushing](http://iappdistrict.net/8992/storydesk-demo-ipad-app-as-a-sales-tool/ "http://iappdistrict.net/8992/storydesk-demo-ipad-app-as-a-sales-tool/" )
  * [and elected a member of the audit team.](http://winner588.com/thread-10074-1-1.html "http://winner588.com/thread-10074-1-1.html" )
  * [De-Li Zhang Although it is not hands-on assault](http://www.lohas-on.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=155383&extra= "http://www.lohas-on.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=155383&extra=" )


##  the mortality rate of more than 90%.

March 23, cleaners and small what Baiyun Mountain picking white mushrooms
edible diarrhea, two days later by his family to the hospital. A week later,
the recurrence of the
toxicity,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), after she died. By preliminary
test, He edible mushrooms suspected white Amanita
mushroom,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), high toxin levels, very serious
damage to the human liver,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), kidney, blood vessel wall cells
and central nervous system, the mortality rate of more than 90%.

Couple last night Ayu was the son Xiaoyong sent to the camp Tanzhen People's
Hospital,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), serious condition,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), was transferred to by the city
People's Hospital, gastric lavage, zero o'clock yesterday morning, was
transferred to the city People's Hospital to continue to rescue A military was
admitted to the ICU ward. To 8 o'clock yesterday morning,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), the A Jun temporarily out of danger after emergency
treatment. &lt;/p&gt;

According to doctors, according to test results and clinical manifestations of
the Army in A right the Ayu couple eat mushrooms, the initial judgment for the
Cuban light cover umbrella poisoning. She reminded the public,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), now rain is wet, it is the peak
season for the growth of wild mushrooms,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), and the public
to remember Do not feed wild mushrooms,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), or
easy to poisoning.

(Rebellion: Mr. Chen bonus: $ 100)

■ News Links

White Amanita poisoned cleaners

■ new fast dictionary

&lt;p&gt;Cuban light umbrella cover: Chinese alias bare head mushroom, summer
was born on the cow dung and other manure,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), surface white to cream-colored or
yellowish-brown bacteria ring smooth or slightly scaly,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), the top stripe. Such a poisonous mushroom, contains
a light cover umbrella hormone and light cover umbrella
Xin,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
can induce psychosis and hallucinogen reaction. Toxin levels high temporal and
spatial feeling of confusion or coma, and large doses can be fatal.

Related articles:

  * [but only persuasion](http://www.ry371.cn/plus/view.php?aid=16776 "http://www.ry371.cn/plus/view.php?aid=16776" )
  * [he does not smoke or drink](http://sasaxun.com/thread-34204-1-1.html "http://sasaxun.com/thread-34204-1-1.html" )
  * [and then the two hands with strips of cloth wraps](http://www.d75.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=125632 "http://www.d75.com.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=125632" )


##  a few guys pushing and frame

' committees and urban management department staff have come to persuade the
inhabitants live in mud-brick room to move out of dilapidated buildings.
Later, the adobe houses east of the cottage off water and electricity,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Liu Mingying home in addition to
the 90-year-old husband father night rest in adobe
houses,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), the other person gradually moved
out of the adobe houses. More than 20 days ago, the father of Liu Mingying
husband due to sudden brain stem was admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital
of the Shihezi. &lt;/p&gt;

May 1, 2:30 in morning,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Liu Mingying are asleep, when I
heard some people kept their own doorbell, "his wife went to the hospital to
accompany her husband father had,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), I was a bit scared." Said Liu
Mingying, but she hurried Phi pieces of cotton-padded jacket,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and went outside to view what has
happened. The strange thing is outside nobody Liuming Ying ran to the side of
the road bungalow outside, saw a dozen young man standing on the road east of
Another dozen young man around the adobe houses in the neighborhood, a
bulldozer is to open their own adobe houses, Liu Mingying anxious, her move to
go to their adobe houses,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), she wants to ask these people what
to do,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), however, , flapping in the wind a
good young man immediately ran to her. "You want to make it " Liu Mingying
afraid to ask. "We do not beat people over there can not go." One of the young
man walked in front of Liu Mingying the side that he pushed her to the side of
the road a bit,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), "What do you want " Liu Mingying
break free will not go away. No one responded to her,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), a few
guys pushing and frame,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Liu Mingying rushed to the side
of the road over 20 meters.

&lt;p&gt;District residents to the neighborhood and the Urban Construction
Bureau, reflects the situation on May 1. Urban Construction Bureau, told the
residents, if you want to push the room, the Urban Construction Bureau will
have the relevant documents issued to the residents, and push the room during
the day.

Bulldozers to drive away the young men gone, Liu Mingying this Huiguo Shen
knock on neighbors' doors.

Up to now,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), the district residents are not sure
who pulled down the adobe houses.

Liu Mingying watched bulldozers own adobe houses pulled down, can not help but
gasped. "Fortunately,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), husband father admitted to the
hospital, otherwise ..." Liu Mingying not think of going.

Related articles:

  * [but the man was evasive](http://billy.hk/alex/home/space.php?uid=25609&do=blog&id=689103 "http://billy.hk/alex/home/space.php?uid=25609&do=blog&id=689103" )
  * [United States](http://www.hkaa.edu.hk/forum/viewthread.php?tid=672428&extra= "http://www.hkaa.edu.hk/forum/viewthread.php?tid=672428&extra=" )
  * [the police found these prostitution information](http://blog2.osoe.jp/blogs/2011/02/android-screen-capture-windows7-64-bit.html#comments "http://blog2.osoe.jp/blogs/2011/02/android-screen-capture-windows7-64-bit.html#comments" )


##  the company will Zhongshi Hu posted to the Dubai office

's family,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), his wife, Li Ting of his
childhood playmates. Later, he was admitted to Tsinghua University,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Li Ting as a railway police.
After graduating in 2004, Zhong Shihu candidates Zhejiang any product of a
private enterprise, international trade representatives and account manager.
Early 2007, in order to end the suffering of the two
separated,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), Ting resigned to work with him in Wenzhou. &lt;/p&gt;

Go, and two years. Zhongshi Hu rushing outlets in various cities located in
over 10 countries. In the Zhongshi Hu's efforts,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), the company sales climbing, as corporate executives,
the annual salary has reached $ 20 million.

In order to repay this brotherhood, Zhong Shihu in the company to concentrate
on learning, hard work and often work until late at night. Soon, some
customers named the Zhongshi Hu to do their account manager. Year-end employee
satisfaction surveys, good professionalism, business skills and affinity
Zhongshi Hu won the trust of customers, and higher scores for the title of
outstanding employees. The Zhongshi Hu outstanding, the company will Zhongshi
Hu posted to the Dubai office, when the Area responsible person.

Today, a similar situation, Zhong Shihu used to it. However,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), a few
days ago,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Zhong Shihu finally had the
feeling of the first heartbeat - with the to tea with my colleagues to arrest
a suspected intentional injury men. At that time, the implementation of the
arrest the police have four or five, when they rushed to the front of the
suspects, the suspects were terrified,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), without a fight. Zhongshi Hu is
responsible for search, in accordance with the essentials of training before
doing rhythmic.

Zhong Shihu know, whether considered from a long-term career development or
real economic income, this is a rare opportunity. After second thought,
Zhongshi Hu had to give up short-lived reunion with his wife apart again.

Today, Zhongshi Hu already has the feel of a police officer. Moreover, once a
dispute involving foreigners is Zhongshi Hu to show his face. It is no
exaggeration to say that the Zhongshi Hu's English level is definitely the
NO.1 "where the police station, walk crow say a few words with each other,
everything" OK "a

When the police to give up paid

Speaking of future plans, the Zhongshi Hu smiled: "step by step to stay here.
A free, together with his wife shopping, watching
movies,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), this is a very happy, comfortable
life."

Ting think remain in Wenzhou has no meaning, then return home in Sichuan. The
end of 2008, Li Ting apply for the police to become the Chenghua Branch of the
Public Security Bureau in a police honors. The encouragement of his
wife,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Zhongshi Hu gave up a high-
paying jobs, come back to apply for the police. In April of this year, Zhong
Shihu formal Xindu District Public Security Bureau police station east of the
city of a police officer.

Wenchuan earthquake, the Zhongshi Hu and Li Ting are in different
places,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), unable to contact parents.
Zhongshi Hu began to reflect on their own decision as a man, wife and family
at risk, their personal future,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), money, fame and fortune seemed so
pale.

April 28, Zhong Shihu follow colleagues began his first out of the police.
Came to the site of the incident to understand the situation,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), Zhongshi Hu dumbfounding. Turned out
to be an uncle bought a couple of pounds of pork ribs stewed unfamiliar, it
was suspected that the ribs have a problem, then make the alarm call. Ribs
stew unfamiliar owned by the police pipe Colleagues have been so used. He
suggested that the uncle stew a while more. If not enough, you can go to the
butcher claims. If the butcher refused to compensate the 12,315 complaints you
can call the telephone or complaints directly to the business sector.

Related articles:

  * [000 Apple phone was stolen](http://www.xiyoto.com/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz9t9.showtopic.65017.html "http://www.xiyoto.com/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz9t9.showtopic.65017.html" )
  * [arms are before putting the drug.](http://www.cfsc.org.hk/yconcept/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=481597&extra= "http://www.cfsc.org.hk/yconcept/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=481597&extra=" )
  * [His new wife by her husband cut-throat case hearing on campus](http://www.shoes.mu.nu/gallery/displayimage.php?pos=-175 "http://www.shoes.mu.nu/gallery/displayimage.php?pos=-175" )


##  grandmother

&lt;p&gt;

'ancestors' eating lesson. Although the final persuasion of others,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
grandmother, the "concession", but the flow of damage to the body and soul of
her granddaughter is still inevitable. Therefore,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), the girls of unwanted pregnancies,
select the legal qualification of the specialist hospitals and the safe flow
of people is very important.

Unwanted pregnancies, and in the end choose what hospital to go to surgery
Hangzhou Red House Maternity Hospital Experts advise: be sure to choose a
regular hospital,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), small clinic in the
streets,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), most of the existence of
disinfection measures strictly, non-standard technology and other issues, is
prone to lead to female genital infection, and intraoperative unforeseen
circumstances ,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www
.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), such a small clinic most of the processing
ability, there is a huge threat to women's lives and safety of abortion.
Therefore,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), be careful to do abortions, choose a regular hospital,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), women respect their own life and health.

Although abortions is not a major surgery,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), but the endless accidents caused
by unsafe flow, so the security issues of abortion has become a major focus of
attention of the community, the surgical approach is one of the most crucial
point. Hangzhou Red House Maternity Hospital for the different economic
income, physical fitness,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), pregnancy, such as the length of
time vary personalized surgical approach and treatment programs,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), truly patient-centered ". Red House Maternity
Hospital experts have warned that the majority of female friends, painless the
best time in the 40 to 70 days of pregnancy, then the sooner the pain of
surgery,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the smaller,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), more secure,
and postoperative recovery was something else.

Related articles:

  * [studies problems of the suicide note left behind](http://wiki.nokods.org/wiki/index.php/User:W854abzsh#studies_problems_of_the_suicide_note_left_behind "http://wiki.nokods.org/wiki/index.php/User:W854abzsh#studies_problems_of_the_suicide_note_left_behind" )
  * [no one to rescue](http://www.nwcouncil.org/blog/index.php/2011/06/high-runoff-prompts-flooding-power-concerns/ "http://www.nwcouncil.org/blog/index.php/2011/06/high-runoff-prompts-flooding-power-concerns/" )
  * [Provincial Academy of Social Sciences](http://www.lsqlw.org/plus/view.php?aid=106389 "http://www.lsqlw.org/plus/view.php?aid=106389" )


##  Chat rooms hair trick prostitution ads

He Baoshan Branch actions of the security detachment of the squadron sergeant
said, this involved network groups set the server to overseas and other
provinces,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), and frequent replacement of the IP address and the
release of the information website of the tactics abusers to hide crime trace.
"They chat with customers QQ, as long as the guests showed keen interest, will
be upgraded to VIP, and provide a 'public number' as the telephone contact
customer call 'public number', call forwarding, and ' beheaded '(Management
prostitution Miss) or prostitutes call. "

Chat rooms hair trick prostitution ads

Prostitutes $ 20,000 a month

's customers are mostly white-collar workers, Jinling. &lt;/p&gt;

The police investigation over two months to find out the whole gang. 3 Hubei
young gang members, led by the man Chen is mainly responsible for the strike
up a conversation in the chat room with the clients,[louboutin](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ),
hair ads, talk about the price, once settled the business, will be issued an
electronic "send work orders, will clients situation and needs,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), sent to Shanghai, the
implementation of the act of prostitution location in Shanghai.

The gang leader is 80 students

Ryu,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), as the first of the "chicken head"
turned out to be a 1980-born university graduates.

In early August, police in Baoshan in Shanghai and Hubei two at the same time
expand the arrest, a total of 22 gang members arrested two prostitution, 12
prostitutes, 3 "beheaded", 7's talk by. According to incomplete statistics,
the prostitutes monthly turnover of $ 40,000,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), and "beheaded"
Fifth is divided into,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), "beheaded" and then divided into
the source of generation of chat, and cash flow all through the online banking
.

Golconda Police seized the 52 Whoring man, they were about to face
administrative punishment. He said the superintendent, most of these 52 people
are white-collar workers,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and even there are many annual
salary of millions of Jinling. "Clients are a Shanghai native,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), has a decent
job,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
including a doctoral student at the school, aviation mechanics, insurance
salesmen, doctors, private owners, there are foreign companies CEO,[air jordan
pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the person in charge of foreign
banks, architects and other clients are have a certain awareness of the
law,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), but the luck to defy the law. "

12 prostitutes live in the upscale residences of the city downtown, most of
the monthly rent of the house Waldo in about 5000 yuan.

In May of this year, Baoshan Police received a report, a man often in internet
chat rooms scraper publishing prostitution ads, and even posted a dew point
photo. The police found in a particular chat room, prostitution ads published
by the same IP address,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), once the ad published on the QQ number
"friends", the exchange more explicit. Trick prostitute who also provided the
photos and the identity of the lady, height, Miss is divided into seven types,
respectively, for the local Shanghai girl, sexy young woman, 90 young women,
female white-collar workers, asking price ranging from 300 yuan to 1000 yuan.
Miss can be introduced with the guests, and also to engage in prostitution
within the specified high-end apartments.

Related articles:

  * [he bought a fake license put on to the road](http://www.hostingzimbra.it/node/124052/edit/components "http://www.hostingzimbra.it/node/124052/edit/components" )
  * [but said nothing to dispute to no avail](http://bootybeyond.com/blogs/posts/sfhis32xyb "http://bootybeyond.com/blogs/posts/sfhis32xyb" )
  * [nuisance behavior](http://www.whzyz.gov.cn/plus/view.php?aid=6664 "http://www.whzyz.gov.cn/plus/view.php?aid=6664" )


##  Cars into waiting two hours of no-cover well owners were res

The Water Group's staff said they will be responsible for the maintenance of
Deng vehicle,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), and wait until the night past the
vehicle to reduce as soon as possible put on the covers of matching to ensure
the safety of the vehicle.

Related articles:

  * [Ban all students.](http://wiki.gbayl.com/index.php?title=User:W086abesh#Ban_all_students. "http://wiki.gbayl.com/index.php?title=User:W086abesh#Ban_all_students." )
  * [9 years old](http://mayibefrank.com/posts/north-dakota-passes-alaska-as-us-2-oil-producer/ "http://mayibefrank.com/posts/north-dakota-passes-alaska-as-us-2-oil-producer/" )
  * ['s advice](http://dabenzi.com/u/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=5343&extra= "http://dabenzi.com/u/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=5343&extra=" )


##  the offending car stepped on the gas to escape

&lt;p&gt;See someone knocked the vicinity of the masses call the 120 emergency
phone,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), called the traffic police. Chen
hall had originally thought that the driver ran a medical expenses only
themselves. However,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), when traffic police ready to Chen
Office of the electric car towed away,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Chen Hall's aunt,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), Miss Liao surprised to find a
electric car bumper at the front of the
card,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), Miss Liao win to have a look, he discovered that the vehicle license plate.
Miss Liao quickly took out his cell phone recorded to get off grades: Xiang
AF3205. "This is to see he run do not run out." Mr Hall said.

's aunt Miss Liao found at the scene accident,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the
vehicle's license plate stuck in the electric car at the bumper,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), "With the license plate would
certainly be able to find the car, my medical expenses nowhere to be found."
Mr Hall said. At present,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), police are investigating the case.
&lt;/p&gt;

"I looked up to see the cars black Buick I had originally thought that the
driver will be sent to the uncle and I went to the hospital did not expect the
car back a few meters,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), and finally a fuel door and ran
away." Chen hall want to stop the other side,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but
unfortunately bruises after he was powerless to stand up, and uncle were
seriously injured, Hall Chen had to quickly call for help,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and call friends and relatives to
come and help.

Injured person,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the offending car stepped on the
gas to escape

&lt;p&gt;The electric car bumper caught in the accident vehicle license plate

Related articles:

  * [luxury office floor](http://the-zool.com/plus/view.php?aid=302519 "http://the-zool.com/plus/view.php?aid=302519" )
  * [Informed of the users questioned](http://putaoju.cn/uchome/space.php?uid=2088&do=blog&id=33243 "http://putaoju.cn/uchome/space.php?uid=2088&do=blog&id=33243" )
  * [After police arrived](http://www.intlingo.net/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz5j4.showtopic.84280.html "http://www.intlingo.net/bbs/boke.asp?nihaoz5j4.showtopic.84280.html" )


##  remedial work in progress.

's Office has launched a comprehensive in-depth investigation on the
matter,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), remedial work in progress.

Related articles:

  * [often do not go home at night](http://www.ccdang.com/plus/view-29824-1.html "http://www.ccdang.com/plus/view-29824-1.html" )
  * [attached great importance to immediately set up a task force to blitz inventory](http://www.rdmov.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=87173&extra= "http://www.rdmov.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=87173&extra=" )
  * [find washed off vehicles](http://www.underground-world.com/blog.php?user=nihaoz8a5&blogentry_id=9617 "http://www.underground-world.com/blog.php?user=nihaoz8a5&blogentry_id=9617" )


##  and the remainder shared equally by the Involved parents

Incident: the recess joke inexplicably crashed through the spleen &lt;/p&gt;

Prior to Liaobu Town Education Office has been involved in the investigation
and coordination. Education to do the initial coordination of the program is a
negative 30% of the schools the responsibility of the remaining four parents
in equal shares by 70 percent. Jane Lee the right to say, his understanding of
other parents and family is poor. Now only 7000 yuan for each of the three
parents,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), but this treatment option is still
no agreement was reached.

The school saying: Event is not a subjective malicious

Niexiao Zhang said that the coordinated program of education to do Liaobu Town
is a negative 30% of the responsibility of the school, and the remainder
shared equally by the Involved parents,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the school is willing to be
responsible for. Only three parents still feel that compensation is too
high,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and unwilling to compromise,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), so far failed to solve. The
school has been actively dealt with through consultation.

April 23, Jane Lee the right to Guangdong KORNHILL Forensic Center to do a
forensic identification results show that, Xiaowei damage equivalent to a
traffic accident eight disabled. In the
meantime,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), his son's medical expenses has
spent over 10,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ),000 yuan,[louboutin](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), is
still taking. In accordance with the relevant provisions, he can only get more
than 50,000 yuan compensation. But the money due to the dispute over, has not
receive compensation.

Paying the money is not the main
problem,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Jane Lee the right to Xiaowei's current
situation,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), the most worried about his son to life ability to take care of themselves.

&lt;p&gt; Xiaowei to sent liaobu hospital,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfrance.com" ), the right Jane Lee said that the
surgery during the hospital under critical condition notice. The Xiaowei
spleen rupture,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), was forced to total removal.

Longguang school is responsible for people the Nie Jiaozhang said that it was
an accident caused by Xiaowei disabled several other students malicious
subjective, it may just joke untoward. Xiaowei said, arising from either of
the three students usually also
good,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), had not previously played such
games.

Father: most worried about his son in the future life can not take care of
themselves

Related articles:

  * [Zhong Min](http://www.autolove.com.cn/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=38745 "http://www.autolove.com.cn/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=38745" )
  * [the temple is also a screwdriver bundle](http://www.tutubbs.com/plus/view.php?aid=19360 "http://www.tutubbs.com/plus/view.php?aid=19360" )
  * [the grandmother of twins rushed to the hospital](http://www.titianxingdao.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=13392 "http://www.titianxingdao.cn/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=13392" )


##  Woman trapped in the elevator when you want to climb out of

,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" )&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [almost cut off. Zhao body injury](http://www.hamafu.biz/blog/2011/08/post-111.html#comments "http://www.hamafu.biz/blog/2011/08/post-111.html#comments" )
  * [Chen meal punched and kicked.](http://h.xitc.net/viewthread.php?tid=55231&extra= "http://h.xitc.net/viewthread.php?tid=55231&extra=" )
  * [the daughter of Dr. Wang that saw nearly 40 times the disease](http://www.dpaihang.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=71920 "http://www.dpaihang.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=71920" )


##  saying it was the second generation of 3D glasses

Avatar". Miss Pan admitted into the theater 3D glasses are good. 15:00 the
same day they returned to the glasses when watching the film, only to find a
long crack in the lens you wear 3D glasses,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), "I do not know how bad." Theater
work immediately asked Miss Pan compensation of 700 yuan.
Helpless,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Miss Pan to the other party to
pay a deposit of 700 yuan,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), but requiring him to produce a
certificate to prove that theater 3D glasses is 700 yuan a bought, "Who would
have thought such a small thing is worth so much money.

&lt;p&gt;

Last night,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Miss Pan and two friends again
came to the capital of cinema,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), this time the theater staff to
show her the purchase invoice of the 3D
glasses,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), saying it was the second
generation of 3D glasses,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the price is 700 yuan. Miss Pan said,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), when buying tickets, the staff did not say clearly
broke you have to lose 700 yuan, failed to meet the prompt obligations. In
addition,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), the wave of wave of viewers with glasses, every time
wear,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), and perhaps turn
to,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), who use it will suddenly be
broken This is unfair to the audience at the back. After a consultation, the
final theater or a request for Miss Pan 700 yuan in compensation, but
presented her two valued at 120 yuan a VIP hall movie tickets,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), movie
tickets and a common hall.

Related articles:

  * [was born in this family](http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-make-everything-private-in-elgg-1-8/ "http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-make-everything-private-in-elgg-1-8/" )
  * [bbs.66wz.com](http://dksdrift.com/luntan/boke.asp?i27y72i47.showtopic.13502.html "http://dksdrift.com/luntan/boke.asp?i27y72i47.showtopic.13502.html" )
  * [the family would not listen](http://blogs.umass.edu/steph4rl/2010/12/16/erecruiting-for-jobs-internships-and-co-op/ "http://blogs.umass.edu/steph4rl/2010/12/16/erecruiting-for-jobs-internships-and-co-op/" )


##  get off

&lt;p&gt; Raoyang County Public Security Bureau explained that, on the 26th
received a deep state police,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), the police, the deep state of a white
BYD car stolen, deep state police in hunt request the the Raoyang police to
the stolen vehicle to assist the intercept of this incident,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), in the
interception process,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), mistakenly Xu iron white private cars
recognized as the stolen car, also mistakenly believe that the the Xu iron
criminals.

■ families: the case of law enforcement should not

■ public security departments: intercept robbery car misjudgment

Xu iron the family have to express any views, so law enforcement police,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), they feel very angry, if the law enforcement police
to ask Xu iron, such things can be avoided.

Xu iron talk,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), get off,[air jordan](http://www
.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), he heard
some of them said "made a mistake, not the car ..." and other
words,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), the wounded police immediately to its
apology,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), in turn sent to the local hospital
for treatment. &lt;/p&gt;

Raoyang County Public Security Bureau official also said that the criminals is
very arrogant in the process of police enforcement, criminals often crashing
into the police car to escape,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), so the in Xu
iron reversing,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the police with previous
experience in handling cases,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com
"http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), the vehicle smashed, and accidental
injury. Raoyang County Public Security Bureau said,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), smashed cars glass can block the
escape of criminals sight, you can also play the role to protect police from
harm.

Related articles:

  * [and owners to baibuting police station to report](http://playchat.ro/star/blogs/posts/jiujian1y "http://playchat.ro/star/blogs/posts/jiujian1y" )
  * [Liu Cai with the home](http://www.newvee.com/profile_blogs/sfhis76jxb/&action=view&id=980472 "http://www.newvee.com/profile_blogs/sfhis76jxb/&action=view&id=980472" )
  * ['s husband likes to play cards](http://chaxiangshe.xclub.tw/viewthread.php?tid=352&extra= "http://chaxiangshe.xclub.tw/viewthread.php?tid=352&extra=" )


##  with dunkou branch composed Gongzuozhuanban

,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), Has attracted wide attention after a
newspaper report published in the paper. Xinhua, Sina, Sohu, Tencent, Phoenix
and dozens of websites reproduced the newspaper reported, tens of thousands of
users share their views, and hope the police find the whereabouts of two
missing persons as soon as possible.

According to preliminary police investigations, Lu Hung Tsai both to the Han,
in addition to tourism, Tsai also want to find a beauty make-up school in
Wuhan. March 14,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), to the hotel picked up two friends they met
online, the two women then deceived into MLM groups, and each other to control
the loss of personal freedom, access to family.

'Find,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), but three of the police not to file
. The incident 18 days later,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), the family
reluctantly commissioned by the newspaper offering a reward of ten thousand
yuan tracing.

Yesterday, the main leadership of the Wuhan Public Security Bureau indicates
that the transferred PUC police, with dunkou branch composed Gongzuozhuanban,
to carry out the
investigation,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), looking for work. Yesterday
afternoon, the Wuhan Public Security Bureau Petition department met with the
families of missing persons, and asked in detail about the report after the
family members before and after.

After extensive investigations, the police found Lu
Hung,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), Tsai may be deceived into an MLM groups, and the rapid mobilization of the
police force full track. Yesterday,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), investigators
find out that the gang may hide in the the Caidian District within a factory
dormitory.

11:00 that night, more than 40 police police quick attack,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), destroyed the pyramid schemes gangs,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), and arrested more than pyramid
schemes gang members. The police successfully rescued the gang hideout Lu
Hung, Tsai Chin.

Xu,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), Lu Hung Tsai 0:10 today in the Wuhan
Economic and Technological Development Zone, the Public Security Bureau, to
see loved ones after an absence of several days,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and cried with them.

At present,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), the police are the MLM groups for further review.

Related articles:

  * [ Gui said the teacher](http://theadventurouswriter.com/blogwriting/8-tips-for-maintaining-more-than-one-blog/ "http://theadventurouswriter.com/blogwriting/8-tips-for-maintaining-more-than-one-blog/" )
  * [educational background and work experience](http://www.av169.com/plus/view.php?aid=26533 "http://www.av169.com/plus/view.php?aid=26533" )
  * [plus some computer accessories](http://www.fulucc.com/plus/view.php?aid=273355 "http://www.fulucc.com/plus/view.php?aid=273355" )


##  Cheng Yuanming relatives and visit. March 17

Cheng Yuanming of the stories reported by the media,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), has caused widespread concern of
the readers of Sichuan and Guangdong,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ), near hundreds
of people spontaneously went to pay homage to his death a few days,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), more
than 100 Sichuan workers and local villagers jointly write a letter of
commendation,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), Give Chengyuan Ming family.

Guangdong Foshan public security in the positive detection at the same time,
the party committee and government of Nanhai District, also set up a task
force investigation of the incident,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), Cheng Yuanming relatives and visit.
March 17,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Nanhai District,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), Foshan
City,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Guangdong Province Public
Security Bureau of Guangdong Province Samaritan award and the security
provisions, identified Cheng Yuanming the case because of the courageous
sacrifice to send their loved ones Pensions 80,[air jordan](http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com" ),000 yuan.

Cheng Yuanming's sudden departure, his family is a lucky accident. Chengyuan
Ming's parents has more than 70 years old,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Father's
right hand amputated, mothers in poor health. He has two children,[air
jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), their eldest daughter is studying at Leshan Teachers
College, the small son was in third grade. A few years ago to build a house
spent 20

's behavior,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), Chengyuan Guo said: "He is a
great sense of justice, and often help people with disabilities." &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Home called on school hero

Million, and now there are over 60,000 debt not.

Related articles:

  * [around the age of 18. These we are on the record."](http://www.astrologycompatibilitychart.com/compatibility-horoscopes-what-are-they/ "http://www.astrologycompatibilitychart.com/compatibility-horoscopes-what-are-they/" )
  * ['s friends](http://www.fajaf.com/blog/2011/07/07/ "http://www.fajaf.com/blog/2011/07/07/" )
  * [Springs wins logistics opposite a shade of willow and poplar](http://www.9xifan.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=58480&extra= "http://www.9xifan.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=58480&extra=" )


##  in case the bad guys in school beating

,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" )&lt;p&gt;According to two students to speak,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), which is bought from a number of
small shops around schools,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), 4-8 yuan a why to buy plastic pistol The
two pupils are good reasons: in case the bad guys in school
beating,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), our gun to shoot his self-defense
by the police, education,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), students take the initiative to
the plastic pistol turned over.

Day, the police law and order large inventory of small shops of the area near
the campus,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), confiscated 28 plastic quality imitation
guns,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), many of whom imitation AK47
rifles,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), rifles,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), micro-punch and a variety of
pistols,[air jordan](http://www.fr-airjordanpascherb.com "http://www.fr-
airjordanpascherb.com" ), and the other seized more than 150 rounds of BB
pellets.

'an District Xindian surrounding fertile head border police station duty to
see,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), just out of the two 10-year-old
boys, each from the bag pulls out a gun "with each other show off the
view,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), which is fired BB pellets of
plastic quality steam pistol, with a certain mass destruction, is the
contraband. &lt;/p&gt; Related articles:

  * [but there the sea](http://wiki.gbayl.com/index.php?title=User:Sfhis00ecj#but_there_the_sea "http://wiki.gbayl.com/index.php?title=User:Sfhis00ecj#but_there_the_sea" )
  * [and thought he was dying](http://www.margsanimals.com/blogs/index.php/blogs/ "http://www.margsanimals.com/blogs/index.php/blogs/" )
  * [all these years you have friends Thought a home](http://www.xwff.net/viewthread.php?tid=63174&extra= "http://www.xwff.net/viewthread.php?tid=63174&extra=" )


##  in the media with the help of Lhasa and Beijing

's minds the potential goodwill Xiexue Lin I believe, as I the ordinary
people, not much good deeds at the same time,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), also remains a goodness of heart.
If the accidental fall from the sky one do good opportunity we will seize it
up to prove his death is worth to enter heaven. In order to prove the above
point of view, I decided to speak an ordinary line of good true story.
Accidental events to stimulate the potential goodwill of people's minds, and
show they do not light the outpouring of sympathy by the intention of the
outside world. In the summer of 2010, I was in Lhasa, very accidentally
encountered. This little girl from the mountains of Tibet poverty, family
incomplete, do not speak Chinese, from the same village to take care of a
couple, the man called Chen Jie, a native of
Sichuan,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the only village not only
understands Chinese also understand the local dialect. In 2009, the little
girl in Lhasa Free did a resection of the tumor surgery, relapse after a year
the Hospital of Lhasa has been powerless,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), it is recommended to go to the
mainland hospital for treatment. Finally, in the media with the help of Lhasa
and Beijing,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the Beijing Children's Hospital
agreed to receive a condition dangerous to the girl. Tibet trade unions, in
Beijing NGO as well as a large number of strangers financing her medical
funds. The entire incident, the goodwill shown by the media naturally should
be affirmed, but the news of the event itself is also an important factor to
attract media. In the course of the incident, another,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), more casual small, made more
ordinary people's goodwill is conducted out. Surgical risk, the doctors need
to biopsy when the little girl the first time in Lhasa surgery. Chen Jie to me
for help, I am going to leave Lhasa. Time-critical, fragile glass slides,
slice how to quickly and safely transported to Beijing to become a problem.
But the problem was successfully solved in an unexpected way. When I was in
Lhasa each hostel to post missing person list, looking for the visitors of the
past two days from Lhasa to Beijing,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), did not forget the post on the
Internet: in case there are just friends from Lhasa to fly to Beijing In fact,
my greatest hope on the airport, there are everywhere to Beijing to find one
willing to do should not be difficult. Ultimately,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), I do not have the trouble to go
to the airport 60 km away. Network, especially microblogging, and its
extremely rapid spread function. The matter is simple: the software, and my
hair in a social networking site, followed by the microblogging information
forwarded. After many fans of the official microblogging secretary beheld,
small secretary to verify the authenticity of my phone, they released the
official account of this. Received a small secretary phone, I began to receive
a variety of SMS phone help. Finally, when I take slices in the hospital, all
over the country's netizens have to spend time contact the airline,
flight,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and pick-up in Beijing, cars and
people. I take a good slice, the parties are ready to place, I simply slice
the hands can be sent to the staff of an airline. Connected to an airline
business department, this short 10 minute walk from the hospital, has a four-
wheel drive off-road shuttle bus. Three hours after the biopsy is
sent,[abercrombie france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), I get on the car to leave Lhasa.
Aircraft at the moment should be taking off toward Beijing. That
night,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), the slice to the hospital. In just 36 hours from
receipt of Chen Jie's phone to him to get a slice. The final outcome of the
story is happy: the little girl almost died in Beijing,[louboutin pas
cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), they saved their lives, and removed the build-up.
Two months later, I by chance came to Beijing, Chen Jie is preparing to take
the little girl returned to Lhasa, I was able to see in Beijing, the little
girl after the removal of the build-up. Two months ago, I first saw her in
Lhasa, she was prone in the chair of the Tibet trade union lobby, a huge
build-up for several days without eating and weak body,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), so that her eyes were light, so
that I can not eye see. Two months later, she is alive and kicking, heartfelt
sincere gratitude in his eyes, fully exposed. No longer see a bleak life
rejuvenated and makes the heart is touched.&lt;/p&gt;

Related articles:

  * [I think death is also useful organs be donated to people in need. Hospital](http://www.gyylsb.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=312048&extra= "http://www.gyylsb.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=312048&extra=" )
  * [Zhuang Yan](http://almostomtemple.com/2011/blog.php?user=nihaoz2i6&blogentry_id=186188 "http://almostomtemple.com/2011/blog.php?user=nihaoz2i6&blogentry_id=186188" )
  * [summer know that once again knocked on the door](http://demo.go-sociable.com/blogs/1056/42472/74-year-old-chemistry-teacher-zo "http://demo.go-sociable.com/blogs/1056/42472/74-year-old-chemistry-teacher-zo" )


##  only to walk in the back ZHAO react

'Yo -' I must have an accident." Witnesses said one on condition of anonymity,
the time of the incident he was across the intersection and other red light
and watched ZHAO and a few people go out, the results of a 123 bus from Jihua
Rd turn right and come in, to suppress Zhao. The accident bus driver told the
Express reporter, the junctions show a pedestrian red light, he turn right and
proceed into the zebra crossing at a few new lights, cross the road, so
quickly brake. Bus to avoid walking in the forefront of an electric car, only
to walk in the back ZHAO react, and it would be overwhelming. After the
accident, I immediately called the police. "The bus driver said. Passers work
together to lift the bus traffic police to the scene after the junction, the
traffic is blocked, passing pedestrians looked ZHAO was still bleeding, they
were very anxious. The medical examination found that the two ankle of the
injured are wheels eat very tight and can not single out. "So many people, we
lift the car." I do not know who said a site traffic police,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), health care workers, bus drivers,
motorbike taxi driver,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), several wearing a suit and white-collar
workers suddenly came out, more than ten people lined up along the bus right
in front of the side of, and together contribute to the lift car. "One,[air
jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ),
two,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
three!" Continued after a few tries,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), people found a huge bus body
simply did not move. After three minutes, three fire engines rushed to the
scene. Including a fire engine open to the front of the
bus,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com "http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com"
), extending the boom to. The fire fighters through the right front wheel of
the bus with chains, to lift the front pulled out ZHAO there. Firefighters
rescued the injured "Ah, the right front of my leg!" Bus only slightly turned,
ZHAO cried out in pain up. Recent large crane to be half an hour to get to,
can not wait,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" )! "On a cushion!" Fire command officer
gave an order, a soldier drill into the bus under the car, the first pad
placed below the front axle, and then stacked two wooden pad. Out!
Out,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" )! "With the cheers of the scene, the
two firefighters trapped more than half an hour ZHAO rescued,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), carried to an ambulance and was
rushed to hospital. ZHAO at this time almost collapse. The point of the
accident is one of the most bustling intersection in Foshan, two each with a
large shopping center. Reporter Dunshou yesterday pedestrians through a red
light crossing the road is very common. Within 10 minutes of the evening, more
than 20 new lights at this
junction,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), and danger. Accident responsible
party in the aftermath of the bus company advances to medical expenses to be
investigated yesterday afternoon,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the New Express reporter came to
Foshan First People's Hospital, the initial diagnosis by a doctor, ZHAO a
broken right foot, left ankle muscles at erase the large area to conduct a
debridement. To observe about two months, out of the left leg muscles are long
and surgery can be expected to walk after the resumption of the right leg.
"The doctor said, the injured and no danger. 50-year-old ZHAO from Xiangyang,
Hubei Province, has been engaged in geological exploration in Foshan, the day
after lunch from the Tongji Hospital, near the home, and intend to walk a
kilometer away, the site started. ZHAO, said the car passed through the zebra
crossing before the incident, "I did not expect to
emerge,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), there will be bus has a chance to
respond, his left leg suddenly involved in the wheel. At present, arising from
either the bus in Foshan Guangdong transport bus company to advance the
medical expenses. The traffic police department said, the accident is still
under investigation of the responsible party determination.

Related articles:

  * ["I month basically eat](http://mydreamshow.net/bbs/upload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=373947&extra= "http://mydreamshow.net/bbs/upload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=373947&extra=" )
  * [average monthly pilots flying within 70 hours](http://melinaperezweb.com/forums/viewthread.php?tid=13338#pid42825 "http://melinaperezweb.com/forums/viewthread.php?tid=13338#pid42825" )
  * [more reading time. Meals](http://mobile.google.com/group/mailing.freebsd.ports-bugs/tree/browse_frm/month/2007-11/ "http://mobile.google.com/group/mailing.freebsd.ports-bugs/tree/browse_frm/month/2007-11/" )


##  the so-called buddy loyalty harm to them. At present

's family to work in Beijing for a long time,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), a child missing for more than 20
days do not know,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), know the children out of trouble
until you solve the case before. Police said the parties are about 18 years
old,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), in a rebellious
stage,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), the so-called buddy loyalty harm to
them. At present,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the main culprit
Jeong,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Zhang indirect intentional
homicide arrest,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), the rest of the students involved in the
matter because of the age of 18 years of age and other reasons exempted from
criminal punishment. The reporter Yang Ming

Related articles:

  * [and bought gasoline hidden in his room. 21 am](http://streamline-gaming.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?13725.last "http://streamline-gaming.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?13725.last" )
  * [did not see what is playing. One Shuaixia the sentence](http://ks990.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=54316 "http://ks990.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=54316" )
  * [the police fear the woman will take things too hard](http://www.vodahost.com/web-hosting-b2evolution-open-source-blog.html/ "http://www.vodahost.com/web-hosting-b2evolution-open-source-blog.html/" )


##  a withdrawal of $ 30

'clock that evening, I received the bank handling teller phone, said the
morning withdrawals,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), take away more than $ 10,000.
This teller and her family came to my house to mention the
matter,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com" ), I was clearly told her that did not get more. "Ms.
Ho said. From Anke provided the bank passbook record see Anke account to two
access logs on September 10 this year, a withdrawal of $ 30,000, a deposit of
29,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ),600 yuan. Ningde Branch of the bank
office is responsible for an interview with reporters said that this event can
be seen from the monitoring of the bank that day, she serves really took a
million more. How to determine the bank less yuan is Anke Here, the official
said Anke "well aware". However, the development is clearly contrary to the
expectations of Anke. November
14,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), she serves on their own bank
accounts suddenly lose a million. After confirmed,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the money is to shove off the
branch on the account from Anke. The relevant responsible person said, after
the the Anke withdrawals left the bank staff to settlement, less $
10,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),000,
through the surveillance video, is due to negligence on the part of the teller
give Anke ten thousand yuan, so I want her to return this money. The bank has
repeatedly notify the other party to tie in with each other but not with the
bank in accordance with the rules and regulations of the bank account deposits
made in equal installments to freeze, and eventually deduct the money. Miss He
decided to have a say, and then prosecuted to the Jiaocheng District People's
Court,[abercrombie](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), requiring banks to return secretly
planning to go a million, the Court has placed on file. The Ningde branch of
the bank relevant responsible person said,[louboutin pas cher](http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), in
the after Anke prosecution, the banks also filed a counterclaim that Anke
unjust enrichment. Miss He also told reporters that he did not get a million.
She also suggested that, if not the letter to view the monitor. But she
repeatedly asked the bank to view the day she went to the counter withdrawals
surveillance video of the line are rejected. Previously, the bank told the
media that has entered the judicial process, specific circumstances can only
wait for the court and then respond to video surveillance as evidence in court
will temporarily provide view.
Shenyang,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), a bank,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
depositors, deposits similar to the cases of private, according to the Morning
program lost their case in 2007,[abercrombie
france](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), Shenyang, a bank finds bank to pay
a depositor of $ 10,000, and come up with the video as evidence, but also
planning to go to a yuan deposit of the depositor. Depositors of the bank to
court. Shenyang East District People's Court held that the bank provided video
evidence can not confirm more than pay depositors should simply deduct one
million of the models, the return of depositors. Trial, both sides paid by the
banks is a bundle of seven or eight bundles of yuan dispute arises. Bank
overpayments evidence that video surveillance. However, after the China
Criminal Police College of video identification, the conclusion can not
conclude that the number of pay in bank clerk handed the teller a whole bundle
of money is a bundle of seven or eight bundles. Tanglin District Court held
that: The Bank believes that more than pay the depositors of $ 10,000, but the
bank's video surveillance video can not conclude that the specific amount of
money, that is,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), transmit the bank clerk to pay
the depositor is no evidence to prove the depositor to take on more deposits a
million. The banks should be returned depositors. According haixiadushibao "

Related articles:

  * [for example](http://computerarticles.net/choosing-the-blog-software-thats-right-for-you/ "http://computerarticles.net/choosing-the-blog-software-thats-right-for-you/" )
  * [and Jiangmou with two pairs of hard-working hands](http://zjcxw.com/viewthread.php?tid=9974&extra= "http://zjcxw.com/viewthread.php?tid=9974&extra=" )
  * [she was rushed to a stride](http://ahzs.cc/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=21810 "http://ahzs.cc/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=21810" )


##  the "empty" touched with their own positive and optimistic

's Eve, to encourage a lot of friends strong Moderator "empty" sudden illness
admitted to the hospital ... yesterday afternoon, Wuhan users specifically
plane arrived at Xi'an to visit him.
"Empty",[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), who lives in Tongchuan. New
Year's Day,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), in critical condition, he was
taken to a hospital in Xi'an, consultation, acute purulent bile duct
obstruction. Early Thursday evening, the doctor for his biliary drainage
procedures,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), it will only make a small, coma condition
improved he still in the intensive care unit and death struggle with ... 1998,
20-year-old in his early "does not empty "due to accident a paraplegic,
paraplegic after his long associated with whole body nerve pain.
However,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the "empty" and not give up on
themselves,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), life is still optimistic. In
November last year, "empty" in Beijing to do a nerve block surgery, the
operation is successful,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), hopefully a lot of plans for their lives
for their own planning, I did not expect the now fallen into another pain of
torture. "Empty" the mother cried, paraplegia since the son,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), at home in order to give him
medical treatment, after spending more than 40 million, also owed a lot of
foreign debt. "Empty" in the "Song of Life" section Sina UC chat room, opened
an area called "wheelchair Life", he said in the above topics,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), and engage in activities to teach
other users to become self-reliant do the site from 2006 to now, the "empty"
touched with their own positive and optimistic, pessimistic friends. So, when
informed that the "empty" fell ill,[louboutin](http://www.france-
louboutinpaschera.com "http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), suffered
him to encourage and enlighten the users are very worried. Yesterday, Wuhan
friends Qing Qiu Yuehan specialized flight from Wuhan to Xi'an. 4 pm, she saw
in a hospital intensive care unit,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), "not empty". Clear Qiuyue Han
told reporters,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), 2007, upon recommendation of the
people, she entered a wheelchair Life "section, she found that the moderator"
empty "then it makes sense in the
exchange,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), others not happy to speak out, he
will actively give enlighten. She felt "empty" is a thoughtful, trustworthy
people. "I came with the blessing of countless friends came to Xi'an, I
believe he will survive ..." "Qing Qiu Yuehan" said with tears.

Related articles:

  * [car TV is playing program](http://diliuw.gotoip2.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6346&extra= "http://diliuw.gotoip2.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6346&extra=" )
  * [as of 12](http://www.yanzhao360.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2615 "http://www.yanzhao360.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2615" )
  * [longevity no end](http://www.uaibook.com.br/W866eessh/blog/274670/ "http://www.uaibook.com.br/W866eessh/blog/274670/" )


##  or even two pregnancies. In this regard

's Court of first instance verdict, the defendant Lee guilty of rape,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), was sentenced to nine years, one-time
compensation for incidental civil plaintiff the Xiaoling various economic
losses amounting to 496.1 yuan. The girl filed for civil damages the morning
of September 14, Castle Peak Lake District People's Court hearing the case.
Xiaoling and their legal representatives - mother of ancient (a pseudonym) is
present at the proceedings. Procuratorate accused Lee from December 2000 to
the incident, many times the home of their daughter Xiaoling rape. On the
evening of 11 May 2009, Lee daughter Xiaoling rape, Xiaoling on the next day
to report,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the the Xiaoling shorts on the
identification of semen stains that will remain for Lee. Xiaoling also
presented to the court with civil compensation request, the request decree Lee
compensation for medical expenses,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), transportation expenses, transfer
tuition,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), hymen repair fees a total of
7192 yuan. 8 years of rape allegations not supported reporter learned
that,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), from Lee XingJu
start,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), it has been denied her daughter the implementation of the violations. Lee
argued that the daughter weekdays have been dissatisfied with his discipline,
together with the mother wronged him. However, the court held that the
victim's statements, witness testimony,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com
"http://www.abercrombiepascheresfr.com" ), DNA identification, sufficient to
establish the fact of defendant Lee rape Xiaoling. The Xiao Lingjian father
from her 8-year-old on her eight years of a violation, or even two
pregnancies. In this regard, the court held that to prove the defendant, Lee
repeatedly Xiaoling implementation of the evidence of rape only the victim's
statements,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), diaries and testimony of witnesses, not
enough to prove the existence of long-term behavior of rape. At the same time
without the support transfer tuition, hymen repair fees, civil claims. Lee was
found guilty of extortion was sentenced to a recidivist, according to the law
should be punished severely. The court ultimately sentenced Lee to
imprisonment for nine years,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), and compensation Xiaoling
medical expenses,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), transportation costs amounted to
496.1 yuan. The plaintiff said it will continue the road of civil compensation
first instance verdict,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Lee court said it would appeal.
Despite nine years of the judgment was "satisfied", but part of the judgment,
Xiaoling and mother in the offing. "Such a long time for her daughter to do
such a thing, we all testify why the court did not believe it " Daughter
failed to get more civil compensation, ancient name: "I will continue through
legal channels,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), to maintain legitimate rights and interests.
"

Related articles:

  * [seven people confessed to the illegal facts](http://www.ww6.42t.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=27721&extra= "http://www.ww6.42t.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=27721&extra=" )
  * [who is lit with a lighter](http://educatinggermany.7doves.com/2008/ "http://educatinggermany.7doves.com/2008/" )
  * [but there are more than 10 employees in the store. Suddenly](http://laurenleonardinteriors.com/blog/if-i-had-a-living-room/hadley_bench_large/ "http://laurenleonardinteriors.com/blog/if-i-had-a-living-room/hadley_bench_large/" )


##  speeding away. To recover

chase the bandits in mind that the" kidnappers, hostage-taking drive on the
road rampage, followed by a hot pursuit police car. On the night of January
28, the Hollywood gangster film the scene in the Beilun real staged. □ the
correspondent Chapter Hongyong the Xu Star reporter Dai Xiaoyan 21:00 10
points, to intercept the police on duty received instruction at 9:10 p.m. on
the January 28 Xu, Beilun traffic police brigade Squadron on duty police the
Xu officers received a 110 command center: a grade for the Zhejiang The BQ8078
Guangzhou Honda Odyssey commercial vehicle along the 329 national highway from
west to east from Ningbo Beilun coming. The Alarm person one on board was
hijacked. Traffic police to immediately comply with all other kinds of police
officers on the road to intercept. An emergency situation,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), Xu police immediately led to two
police assistants rushed to the 329 National Road and Renmin Road fork set up
the card blocked,[louboutin](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com
"http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), waiting for the arrival of
Zhejiang BQ8078. 21:17,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the kidnappers were driving a red card
escape 21:17 Xu,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but two minutes to reach the set up point,
Xu police officers saw the suspect vehicle was coming from west to east at
great speed. Xu police immediately signaled the car to stop for inspection.
Who knows, the intention of the suspect vehicle did not slow down, jump up on
the roadside sidewalk to bypass the card points, speeding away. To recover! Xu
police officer immediately jumped into the police car, open lights, caught up
in sounding the siren. 21:45, the kidnappers left the hostages to escape along
the way, Xu police officers inside the police car megaphone kept command the
suspect vehicle parking can be each other to turn a deaf
ear,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
increasing horsepower to move to escape. To get rid of the police
car,[abercrombie pas cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), en route Odyssey suddenly turn
right into the large Tower Road,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), fled in the direction of
Hengshan Village, then into the wide and less than 5 m Golden the Jiashan
village tract,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the maximum speed to maintain
about 100 km gallop several times in a turn almost out of road. Xu police
officers by virtue of his skilled driving skills, bite the suspect vehicle.
21:45 promises, when the suspect vehicle traveling to Door when the gas
station, you may feel that throw off police cars stopping suddenly, there is
one person out of the car jumped out and ran the car continue to move forward.
Xu police officers immediately stopped, jumped off the man to bring the police
car,[louboutin pas cher](http://www.france-louboutinpaschera.com "http://www
.france-louboutinpaschera.com" ), and began to realize that he is hijacked.
Said the man,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), surnamed Huang, Xiangshan people on the
car there are four, debt dispute kidnapped him. At this point, the Odyssey has
been continuous through a red light into the Beilun District. Taking into
account the Hwang has been safe, and the identity of the suspects has been
largely determined,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), in order to avoid danger in the
process of looking for Xu police officers to temporarily give up to continue
hunting. At this point,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), this takes about 35 minutes
looking for the end of nearly 30 km away cops and robbers.

Related articles:

  * [but found that he spoke ambiguous walking](http://papaz.eu/blogs/posts/nihaoz7r2 "http://papaz.eu/blogs/posts/nihaoz7r2" )
  * [Huai'an Municipal department heads said that this proposal](http://boy168.tw/thread-417518-1-1.html "http://boy168.tw/thread-417518-1-1.html" )
  * [punitive damages](http://firstwiki.net/index.php/User:P26z77a22 "http://firstwiki.net/index.php/User:P26z77a22" )


##  post online

's arable land of the village, planning to build electro-mechanical Industrial
Park . Posted by Banana Village,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), one of the villagers Chun-Guang Zhou, he has
4.9 acres of arable land in the industrial park planning within the relocation
compensation announcement is 50,000 yuan per mu, on the eve of demolition,
Banana Village held a village meeting publicity, there is no land acquisition
survey and registration of land requisition compensation, no research, public
hearings convened representatives of villagers and village meetings. "We are
not silent resentment." Villagers Zhouyue Ling told reporters that the
dissatisfaction of many villagers demolition compensation, but the pressure of
forced demolition sector, or the signing of the agreement, only seven people
posting did not sign. "Hundreds of people forced to destroy arable land," the
post said, June 11, 2008, Boshan Development Zone, Zibo City, spent a hundred
people, police and social workers, forced to destroy Boshan Development Zone
Banana Village, 200 acres of arable land. "Contract have been violently
destroyed,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), my mother and I were playing."
Villagers ZHOU, said four years
ago,[jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), they petition nearly 300 times,
no results. "False resettlement area" post person, June 1, 2007, issued by the
economic development zone of Shandong Boshan SHAANXI COLLEGE economic problems
reflect the secretary of the village to investigate the report of the Banana
Village increase Po,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the second article of the report
verified Banana Village,[air jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), Zhang Bo with line project
resettlement housing 12,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ),299 square meters.
Surprising,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), December 2, 2008, Shandong Kai limited
liability accounting firm commissioned by the Boshan Economic Development
Zone,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the financial accounts of the
Banana Village Committee 2005 to 2008 April 30 June the audit,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the audit report 2 stated Banana
Village, Bo Zhang attached line project resettlement housing construction area
of ​​16815.41 square meters. According to these two materials displayed,
posted villagers found the only Zhang Bogong road demolition placement area
one of the evicted out of thin air making a false report of 4516.41 square
meters,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), was the average price of 830 yuan per
square meter,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the total amount of up to 3.75
million million. Local officials: do not understand the situation the
afternoon of April 5, the reporter called Bainian Liang,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), vice secretary of party
leadership BOSHAN Development Zone, he said, has not Boshan Development Zone,
"do not understand the situation was" hastily hang up. Subsequently, the
reporter called the Boshan Development Zone Letters and Visits Bureau Director
Wu Xing phone. Wu Xing claimed to have been removed from (Letters and Visits
Bureau), are now employed in the Boshan District People's Armed Forces
Department. For the post content, he said: "I only say the word, post online,
absolutely impossible." ■ Reporter Wang three

Related articles:

  * [ophthalmology](http://www.terrorizer.com/blog6.php/2010/11/26/ "http://www.terrorizer.com/blog6.php/2010/11/26/" )
  * [Tang Xizong Qian Fu year Renan Fu magistrate](http://ohoh.lovein.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5968 "http://ohoh.lovein.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5968" )
  * &lt;a href="[http://beforeandafterstories.com/profile.php?user=csyez258&amp;v=comments](http://beforeandafterstories.com/profile.php?user=csyez258&v=comments "http://beforeandafterstories.com/profile.php?user=csyez258&v=comments" )" target="_blank"&gt;Nanny to take care of paralyzed women employers would never betray 11 years (Figure) _&lt;/a&gt;


##  the police are to investigate the case.

's students came to the police,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), and he was sent to Wuhan City hospital.
A medical examination revealed a small army into a coma excessive
bleeding,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), no blood pressure and pulse to rescue
Xiao Jun was pronounced dead half an hour later. Medical staff said that Xiao
Jun bleeding died due to femoral artery rupture. The Hanyang police after the
incident overnight expand the detection of the night went to Yang in Hannan's
home and found that it did not go home. Hanyang Yang,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the
police may come and expand the investigation,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), and the use of technical means to
expand the raid. After seven hours of intense
investigation,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), the police found Yang hiding Wuli Dun
near. 4 o'clock yesterday morning,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), the police in a hostel within the
Wuli Dun Yang captured. At present,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the police are to investigate the
case.

Related articles:

  * [about at 1](http://yangxibbs.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6270 "http://yangxibbs.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6270" )
  * [the opposite sex service is a must](http://help.clipflex.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/509756 "http://help.clipflex.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/509756" )
  * [mercurialmercurial](http://taleempoint.net/story.php?title=mercurialmercurial-28 "http://taleempoint.net/story.php?title=mercurialmercurial-28" )


##  mother Liu Fangxun body every day

's Hospital for the examination revealed that her kidney problems,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the
doctor advised her to hospital immediately for treatment. But then she did not
have a strong sense of discomfort, and does not want to worry about their
children, they opened several pairs of Chinese medicine, conditioning. January
2010, Liu Fangxun suddenly felt ill, came to a large hospital with her sons
and daughters find at this time Liu Fangxun was diagnosed with uremia, you
must receive dialysis or kidney transplantation to sustain life. Informed of
the news,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), the children decided to choose the mother a kidney transplant, so she took
the mother to the Second Xiangya Hospital, complete with check queued waiting
for a kidney, but the patient's blood type is O-renal source rare and
exclusive The team of six months also accompanied by the right kidneys, and
Liu Fangxun physical condition, but day by day deterioration. The doctors
removed her right kidney transplants looked at the mother's deteriorating body
to his mother, the daughter of Liu Min made a decision in his heart. "She is
with me to raise my mother,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), I want to donate my kidneys to
my mother, my organs to continue their mother's health," Dr. Liu
Min,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),
a request to the kidney transplant to the mother's body. After repeated
exposure, the doctors discovered that Liu Min contributions will clear and
strong, and verified, the patient Liufang Xun with her really mother-daughter
relationship. To this end,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), the Second Xiangya Hospital Ethics
Committee approved this particular application. The morning of February 28,
Liu Min was wheeled into the operating room, doctors complete take down her
right kidney perfusion and wound closure. Subsequently,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the mother Liu Fangxun the
operating room, the doctor in the shortest possible time Liu Min kidney
implanted in the mother
body,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the surgery is very smooth.
Mother and daughter is more optimistic after anesthesia recovery, Liu Min,
pain brow furrowed,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), eyes closed. But when the doctor told
her mother a good recovery,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), she immediately opened his eyes,
furrowed brow stretch, she murmured: "Mom is nice." Under the attentive care
of the medical staff, mothers and daughters both recovered fast, but because
the condition does not allow,[air
jordan](http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com
"http://www.franceairjordanpascheres.com" ), after seven days mother and
daughter both did not see the kingdom of the above. March 7, daughter Liu
Minkang comeback hospital discharge before the doctor about the mother and
daughter to meet. Liu Fangxun can not wait to hold the hand of her daughter's
inquiry condition. "I'm fine today, the hospital you do not worry, we will be
fine!" My daughter said with a smile. Is Liu Fangxun This long sigh. The
Second Xiangya Hospital, the secretion Surgery, Professor Ren Penglong
open,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), told reporters the children to
donate organs to their parents, in his decades of his career this is the first
time I met this family so that he was deeply touched. Surgery, Liu Min,
recovery is very smooth, and was discharged yesterday. Broodstock
transplantation success rate is relatively
high,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), mother Liu Fangxun body every
day, improved renal function and creatinine are maintained at normal levels,
there is no severe rejection, the optimistic estimate a half months after
discharged.

Related articles:

  * [there are a lot of pen](http://d2smania.hid2s.com/blog.php?user=W706sjmsh&blogentry_id=300804 "http://d2smania.hid2s.com/blog.php?user=W706sjmsh&blogentry_id=300804" )
  * [The girl and going to divulge bank deposits deaths of those killed _ News](http://www.zhcedu.com.cn/zcjy/xjxjy/review.asp?NewsID=1062 "http://www.zhcedu.com.cn/zcjy/xjxjy/review.asp?NewsID=1062" )
  * [video monitors](http://wzredwine.com/_bak_wzredwine_20090227/bbs/read.php?tid=558604 "http://wzredwine.com/_bak_wzredwine_20090227/bbs/read.php?tid=558604" )


##  rushed into the river again heart

's shirt to the shore of a pull. Come up with Su
Yue,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), but
unconscious. Who heard the mother of dollars Hongliang Li Qin to help the
child lift ashore. Mother and son Su Yue on the
ground,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), Li Qin put down the child's
legs,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), namely, Hongliang even pressure
to the child abdominal back three or four children "wow" soon spit out a
Blackwater. Hear the little girl
coughing,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), meter Hongliang hearts
delight,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the children saved,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" )! The river there is a "do not know who
called out a total Hongliang turned around to see the river and float a person
to face down, her hair spread out in the water,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), motionless. Come forward
leap,[air jordan pas cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), rushed into the river again
heart,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), save a child. The reporter
learned that the total Hongliang 30-year-old junior high school dropout to
Suzhou to learn the plumber,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), marriage,[mercurial vapor
pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the couple has been working away
from home. In August last year,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), in order to care for sick parents, back
home to the Australian foreign technology companies. (Yusen Jianjun learn
Chinese Ogawa)

Related articles:

  * [after all](http://qufulife.com/club/boke.asp?nihaoz4q1.showtopic.125056.html "http://qufulife.com/club/boke.asp?nihaoz4q1.showtopic.125056.html" )
  * [00 yesterday](http://www.coloradochurchsearch.org/forums/topic.php?id=87285&replies=1#post-96946 "http://www.coloradochurchsearch.org/forums/topic.php?id=87285&replies=1#post-96946" )
  * [after retirement](http://www.90n.org/thread-1135-1-1.html "http://www.90n.org/thread-1135-1-1.html" )


##  appeared in the case of asphyxia

'an Jing River Industrial Park Liangcun heat pipe in the debugging of the
accidents. After the accident, Xi'an Administration of Work Safety on the
establishment of a special accident investigation team to investigate the
cause of the accident and the responsibility, and today we reporters once
again came to the scene of the accident learned that the four workers killed
eighty-five after, the minimum 22-year-old,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), engaged in related industries just
dozens of days operation is a serious violation is causing the most important
reason of the tragedy. Accident heat pipe is a new pipeline to Tang Wei River
thermal power plant just built this year, yesterday morning, found in the
heating test, the water temperature of the water pipe and return pipe similar
to belong to the irregularities,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), thermal power plants to send
workers into the decompression well for debugging . 20 of yesterday morning at
ten o'clock, when this several workers is to go from my side of the mouth
underground operations,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), it is understood, when the
first workers to mine the exhaust operations, appeared in the case of
asphyxia, second, the workers of the third sequence down to help him, in fact,
the fourth person is a driver, when he was trying to help a third person, he
pulled, who knows, unfortunately, has also been dragged inside the wells,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), according to then the source said the
three individuals in addition to fourth person drowning in the other three
should all be choked to death. The Gaoling Administration of Work Safety
Bureau director Wang Lin: "this accident there is a serious illegal operation
acts,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), before the pipeline
maintenance, should be measured inside the air concentrations, including
oxygen content standard should be ventilated before operation, according to
their speaking, did not take any protective measures. "reporter has learned
that these four individuals,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), in addition to the driver is Datang
Thermal Power Plant, three other individuals belong to the construction unit,
decoration company in Heilongjiang
Province,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), Xi'an Branch staff, they in most of them
are temporary workers, four people are Xianyang people, all after 1980, the
smallest one in 2089,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), this year it was 21 years
old,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the first one to go down the
victims of workers engaged in this industry only ten days .
Meanwhile,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), Xi'an Safety Committee will be held tomorrow afternoon the person in charge
of the districts and counties in charge of security in
Xi'an,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), to the scene of the
accident held a site meeting, stressed that the winter heating safety issues.
The Gaoling Administration of Work Safety Bureau director Wang Lin: "is clear
from the terms of management of production safety,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), operating procedures, as any unit
should strengthen the training of its staff, employees in strict accordance
with the rules of running, you can avoid accidents."

Related articles:

  * [Zhu guards repeatedly posted in the red-line](http://freewheelersonline.com/blogs/5024/73011/told-that-the-matter "http://freewheelersonline.com/blogs/5024/73011/told-that-the-matter" )
  * [the mother is strongly opposed to the son to return home](http://techknowhowdiv.com/activity/p/19366/ "http://techknowhowdiv.com/activity/p/19366/" )
  * [then clashed with. Dining together after hearing a few people down the stairs](http://www.petroren.cn/viewthread.php?tid=360904&extra= "http://www.petroren.cn/viewthread.php?tid=360904&extra=" )


##  000 choice fees withheld by the "concealed"

​​money. Former General Director of the fifty-four secondary Mengmou Cheng
recognition,[chaussures de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), 933,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ),000 choice fees withheld by
the "concealed",[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), he will triple single tear
up. As for the money, why to the
principal,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Lee Mengmou said,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), "Mrs
Lee repeatedly hinted that want to buy the fitness room,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), but not enough money", he extracted
money from the choice fees. Leave audit pull school "worms" Court introduced
the issue of Lee leaving the audit, the new president of learned little
treasuries,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), and found this problem. August
2006,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Mengmou Lee were the Anti-
Corruption Bureau of Dongcheng District People's Procuratorate control. The
court held that,[abercrombie france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), Lee,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), have been Mengmou constitute the
crime of corruption,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), but the circumstances are
relatively minor,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), sentenced to probation.

Related articles:

  * [the need for surgery](http://www.splsw.com/space.php?uid=29583&do=blog&id=77229 "http://www.splsw.com/space.php?uid=29583&do=blog&id=77229" )
  * [Man digging the cellar prisoners sex slaves continued Luoyang police have the Ministry of Public Security reported](http://dev.bpdealerclaims.com/profile.php?user=lian3goa2a&v=comments "http://dev.bpdealerclaims.com/profile.php?user=lian3goa2a&v=comments" )
  * [medical advice patients can listen to "understand" the first time](http://www.3gol.com.cn/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=674413&extra= "http://www.3gol.com.cn/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=674413&extra=" )


##  bumped passengers early 30s

'clock, Foshan City, a brother due to fare dispute with the three
passengers,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), followed by brother suspected of
driving one of them hit and seriously injured. Incident, Huangqi Hospital,
Nanhai District, Foshan out sections. After the incident, arising from either
Buddhism wide Guangdong YZ5782 taxi parked on the roadside, the windshield the
entire fragmentation obvious traces of the collision,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), the front bumper. Large share of
blood on the rear of a few hundred meters of a bank on the left of the road,
knocked shocking. The injured were sent to the Huangqi hospital treatment. It
is understood that 2 o'clock yesterday morning, someone's brother, Nanhai
District, Foshan City,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), Jinshazhou equipped with three
men to the the Huangqi hospital side of the intersection parking, playing
table shows for 13 yuan. Unexpectedly,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), the passengers high
fares,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), and together with the driver theory. The
driver said the word "money, do not ride",[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), then the two sides dispute
upgrade. Columbia High teacher,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), said an alcohol of the passengers got off
came up to beat him, in which a person also car keys away. Its said that the
panic out of a spare key to drive away,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), a result one of the men
standing in front of the car knocked down. However,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), the injured passengers to a
family and friends relayed to the parties saying that the passengers have to
go away, I deliberately turned around to hit over. In this regard, the high
master's brother admitted that the butt and said because of fear to drive the
truck a few hundred meters after the alarm, he insisted that he is "self-
defense. Express reporter learned from the hospital, bumped passengers early
30s,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), sustained serious head
injuries,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), still in the intensive care unit after surgery for treatment. Nanhai
District Police yesterday confirmed that, someone's brother has been
controlled,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), self-proclaimed "its alarm was robbed after
accidentally running into people. Each side passengers, the case is still
awaiting further investigation and evidence collection.

Related articles:

  * [but sentenced Azhu imprisonment of 10 years](http://vip.ssskb.eu/blogs/entry/the-Forensic-Center-of-Hainan-the-tranquility-hospital-mental-illness-has-made-forensic-submissions-Identified-that-people-with-mental-retardation "http://vip.ssskb.eu/blogs/entry/the-Forensic-Center-of-Hainan-the-tranquility-hospital-mental-illness-has-made-forensic-submissions-Identified-that-people-with-mental-retardation" )
  * [Really do not know who made sin](http://bbs.chinatopcom.com/showtopic-19105.aspx "http://bbs.chinatopcom.com/showtopic-19105.aspx" )
  * [Deputy Attorney General](http://www.foodict.com/blog/shokuraku/2010/03/321.html#comments "http://www.foodict.com/blog/shokuraku/2010/03/321.html#comments" )


##  the real world of people moving

's story touched the hearts of countless people, known as the "love story" on
the network, and even spread into the micro-fiction. Liao Dan, the real world
of people moving, gripping, and ride out the storm. Source: Shenzhen Satellite
TV "30 noon" Yesterday afternoon, hospital dialysis to his wife, Liu Dan,
received 3.5 million in cash sent by caring people, that is changing hands to
get the court ill-gotten gains. Subsequently had small Yi Yi donated 2 million
Zhuhai CPPCC member Chen Lihao 170,000 transfer to LIU Dan, his ill-gotten
gains, as soon as possible and can be helpful in sentencing. There are more
social contributions like fine water, like the flow of the Liao Danfu women,
the fate of this family, is a turnaround in. ■ site dialysis hundreds of times
caused by arm weakness yesterday, Liu Dan, his wife Du Jinling established
dialysis day. More than 9:00 in the morning, Liu Dan, his wife spiked on the
Mount, to the direction of the Chongwenmen open. Nearly 19 km from the Mount
of at least an hour and a half. Hemodialysis for nearly five years, twice a
week, Liao Danfu women to 500 times, "rain or shine. Liu Dan early to a
Beijing hospital. Dialysis start from half past one, the end of the five-
point, not accompanied by relatives. Usual at this time, he settled his wife,
driving mo to pull live near the subway exit. Du Jinling Yixian, Hebei rural,
became ill, no work, no health insurance. Liu Dan as a laid-off workers, in
addition to subsistence allowances, the daily household expenses depends
mainly on the open friction, pull one to earn a few dollars, the fear of being
caught by the police, afraid to go long. He said, "my life every day is with
the love doctor, Rameau's". Yesterday, Du Jinling dialysis at the same time,
Liu Dan did not go to open the Mount. These two days, he almost retired and
sit in the moment, the phone kept ringing, calling each phone are caring
people, we have expressed the donor. End of dialysis Du Jinling out the
dialysis room, Liu Dan to help her come up with slippers to put on. She sat
down slowly,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the force to pull the wraps
of the bandage after an acupuncture treatment on his left arm. Long-term
illness, her arm has no strength. This year the body better after she began to
weave handmade package at the same time of the exercise arm strength, increase
household income. She did not know,[air jordan pas
cher](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), three and a half hours of dialysis
time, Liu Dan, and her fate plays a change. ■ progress has filed a refund
stolen money 35000 Du Jinling has done a welder, thin to 70 kilos, "the 38
-year-old looks like the old lady out the children call me Grandma." Home to
cook and clean all rely on Liu Dan, at home 12-year-old children. Liu Dan,
before you worry about, if he is sentenced, his wife and their children's
lives will be in trouble. Court that morning, Liao beat Dante intended to wake
up sleeping son,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the future good to listen
to your mother ". July 11, the court hearing of suspected fraud, Liu Dan, the
judge asked him to refund 17 million of the stolen money, his red eyes, said,
"I lose, I lose, but to more than 170,000, I can only sell I live in the house
is a house property, do not sell ". He knew that as soon as possible
restitution will be beneficial to his sentencing. While waiting for his wife
dialysis, Liu Dan, received large sums of 30,000 yuan in cash. A caring person
to the two dozen relatives and friends raised $ 30,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ),000,
and personally delivered to the hospital submitted to the hands of Liu Dan.
Liu Dan, I do not know how to
express,[abercrombie](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), repeatedly thank. With scattered
contributions, he has 3.5 million in cash in an envelope containing a small
bag on his portable Messenger. "I'm going to the Court of ill-gotten
gains,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), have to get" money not
surmise a few minutes, he walked out of the hospital. Paid the money to get
the receipts given by the court, Liu Dan, a wry smile. The judge said to him,
sentencing time of notification, "do not know the court how contracting, etc..
■ look forward to Zhuhai CPPCC members to donate 170 000 16:00 yesterday, Liu
Dan, the court pay $ 17 million donor transfers. The money came from Zhuhai
CPPCC member Chen Lihao. 7 23 motor car rear-end accident, he lost his parents
in a small Yiyi donated 2 million set up a foundation. The night before, Chen
Lihao be "your place is paradise,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), Liu Dan version of micro-fiction to
impress," I was such a big love, dedication, not hesitate to defy the law of
love touched ". An hour later, Chenli Hao and Liu Dan talked over the phone.
Liu Dan leaned against the wall of the hospital corridor and off even say
"thank you, thank you," I would like to represent our family personally thank
you for you to tell me. In addition, he holds the phone does not know what to
say. 170 000, the donors Chen Lihao the intent of this is to make him a one-
time ill-gotten gains. Chen Lihao said ill-gotten gains is very important, the
court, when sentencing, taking into account the ill-gotten gains of the plot,
on a lighter punishment within the statutory range. That Liu Dan has been ill-
gotten gains of 3.5 million, Chen Lihao He said the remaining money for
medical expenses and living expenses. Put down the
phone,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), said Liu Dan would like to once again go
to court ill-gotten gains, but taking into account the court working hours, he
gave up, "Saturday, Sunday the court to rest, only to wait until Monday. His
life changes in this 3 days, so that he can not imagine. In the
courts,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), his eyes hold in the mouth
full of photos of tears, spread throughout the network. These two days packed
with reporters on his home, almost fried pot. Faced with a donor phone, Liu
Dan said dismissively, "I began to feel that life is better than the point. ■
turn for the better looking by the long-term relief mechanism these days, Liu
Dan lost count of how many caring people to donations, he said, have yet to
see the personal accounts. This one boy, the reader is willing to an annual
subsidy of 3000 yuan tuition of his son, as well as many public interest
organizations and foundations contact Liu Dan. "Someone also suggested to my
wife a kidney transplant, I'm thinking," said Liu Dan, the transplant success
rate is not 100%, the other individual constitution, he also worried about a
kidney problem, "say, a kidney transplant to live not many years, I still want
to insist on maintenance dialysis. Faced with so many contributions, he said
"more than good. But he also began to worry that too many get relief, the
street may not meddle in the matter. At present, the street from the District
to help him apply for the relief of the destitute can give Du Jinling 55
percent reimbursement for medical expenses. He also hoped that his wife's
account as soon as possible to move over. He said the couple married for 10
years, the woman aged 45, there is room, the woman can be with her husband's
account into a Beijing household registration,[abercrombie
france](http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com
"http://www.franceabercrombiepaschere.com" ), you can do subsistence
allowances and health care, "most in need of long-lasting relief mechanism. In
the future, Liu Dan, did not dare to think, "one day at, and I thank you". ■
dialogue "people have to say the conscience" Reporter: your wife sick the past
few years, the thought could have been so many people help you Liu Dan: No, I
think what is this. I caught up with this thing, nothing. Reporter: In the
past,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), thought of asking the media
do Liu Dan: I skinned thin, I did not find the media, I think he can carry on
carrying. Reporter: In the last four years, thought of giving up treatment Liu
Dan: I have not thought of giving up, I can not strangle her, can not let her
die at home. I've been laid off, it is difficult, is her work possessor of me.
She also worked the Chongwenmen a hairdressing company, are to go by bike, one
day back and forth to ride three to four hours more hardship. People have
conscience. Reporter: Many people move you to say you are pure Yeer Men Liu
Dan: It is not necessary can not be said. The couple live, that's nothing.
Something else I do not know what to say, I think things should be. Reporter:
You have been the contributions of many people,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com
"http://www.airjordanpascheresfr.com" ), the thought of later on in life and
how disposable money and help Liu Dan: I did not expect so soon with the help
of the media. I have not thought about what happened afterwards, the first of
paying the money I owe, and then cure to my wife. I hope the court can
sentence me to probation. Our reporter Wang Lina

Related articles:

  * [a major suspect. May 2](http://www.voxcue.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=153337 "http://www.voxcue.com/submitarticles.php?act=edit&id=153337" )
  * [Tian Hong room decorated like a hall](http://my.629.com/space.php?uid=8917&do=blog&id=187552 "http://my.629.com/space.php?uid=8917&do=blog&id=187552" )
  * [one as young as 12-year-old boy. Mother said](http://www.lvyou123.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=292858&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1 "http://www.lvyou123.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=292858&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1" )


##  is the day of Shaoxing and Hangzhou

'clock yesterday, Mr. Zhang into money at 96068 Hotline: Speed ​​Qiangduo, you
know With Ring North Road and Jianguo North Road. 1 pm yesterday, there are a
reader scored 96068 Hotline: Hang near the sea holly, was robbed of a gold
necklace snatch suspect two people riding a motorcycle. Hangzhou bursts Speed
​​Qiangduo of the message forwarded by the Sina microblogging, causing
widespread concern. Reporter multi understand that, yesterday morning to
afternoon, the the Hangzhou Lower Town, Gongshu, Riverside, and West Lake City
spate of snatch cases of at least eight take-off car. Snatch suspects of
committing the crime from the victim's description, physical characteristics
much striking similarities, such as the same persons for 16:15 yesterday, the
first time of the Hangzhou police news release, which referred to: today,
several people reported to the police said suffered Robbery, Hangzhou Police
attach great importance to set up a special task force to carry out the
investigation to solve the case work . Good news: coming from the task force
22:00, 20:30, the two snatch suspects were caught in Xiaoshan! We all know,
these days Hangzhou temperature is steadily rising, yesterday's maximum
temperature above 35 ℃. Unbearably hot, the men and women on the street is
invariably short dress, the necklace around his neck is more visible.
Yesterday a few cases, to snatch suspect is directed robbed of the necklace to
the arrest of two robbers, the police seized a total of nine gold necklace.
Hangzhou city successive Speed ​​Qiangduo occurred, was robbed of almost all
of the necklace 110 Alarm platform busy. Yesterday, more than 9:00, Shaoxing
Road, with Speed ​​Qiangduo. The victim is a man,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), neck, wearing a thick gold
necklace. The man was walking in the street, two snatch suspects driving a
motorcycle quietly from behind him close,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), and then quickly ripped off the
necklace on his neck. Man was robbed after hurriedly to the area east of the
new police station reported the matter. With subsequent near the bus station
in front of the Gongshu District hushu Road, Redstone Central Garden. "It was
probably 9:30 like a woman walking on the road, holding a child, this woman
back a women's bag." Living in the vicinity of the witnesses Mr. Zhou said,
was a Motorcycle quickly near the woman and the man snatched a woman's bag in
the back seat. At that time, the woman was frightened is not small, also
screamed. However, the speed of the motorcycle too fast, people around not too
late to intercept the motorcycle throttle rolling and soon disappeared in the
traffic. 10 am, Ring Road and Jianguo Road intersection, also occurred with
Qiangduo be snatched away a gold necklace. Subsequently, the victim called the
police to the case of the underground city police. "The victim was crossing
the road, we get clues to the robbers are taking advantage of the victim or to
cross the road, or to start when the red light, because at that time tend to
focus on the front of traffic on the easily ignored followed to the
motorcycle. "police investigators said. Qiutao Road and Jiefang Road
intersection about 13:20, the male passers-by have a trick, looted is also a
gold necklace around your neck. The reporter learned that the police found
nine suspicious gold necklace, with a value of 13,000 yuan. Victims and
witnesses, are mentioned in the blue-green T-shirt, his face a scar to snatch
suspects, two ride together in a motorcycle, hands snatch a back seat. From
memory of the victims, respectively, describe the appearance of the suspect to
the police, including a description of
several,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
actually has a surprisingly similar. There are two physical characteristics,
has also been confirmed along the monitoring. First, a suspect wearing a blue-
green T-shirt. Witnesses confirmed that this person is in the back seat, that
is, reach out to snatch a. Second, one suspects face and a scar on the left
looks like the previously received burns. He was wearing a black dress, is
sitting in the front seat ride. There is an eyewitness said he saw two snatch
suspects implementation snatch, the motorcycle had first fled along Katsumi
Temple Road, then go to Shaoxing Road, continue to flee to the north. Just a
few hours, occurred in succession to take off the car Qiangduo robber is
likely that the same persons, which caused the Hangzhou police attention. The
first time, the Hangzhou police have set up a task force led by the Criminal
Investigation Unit, and various City Branch of the police force quickly into
the work of the investigation of cases. At 8:30, two snatch suspects captured
each city transferred out near the scene of monitoring in Xiaoshan South
Railway Station, just under the city Interpol sent the way troops for the
transfer of monitoring. Under such efforts, the police quickly locked snatch
suspect's escape route. And the police clues to grasp quickly, after leaving
the main city,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), two snatch suspects fled the
Xiaoshan and South Railway Station near. Based on this clue, 20:30 Xu, relying
on the the Jianggan police and the Xiaoshan police play "combination punches"
two-snatch suspect is quickly arrested in the South Railway Station near. Two
snatch suspects actually are "90." The suspect Qinmou, born in 1992, the
suspect Mongolia a,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), born in 1990,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), are Guangxi. Two readme, is
the day of Shaoxing and Hangzhou, the motive is financial gain. They ride the
motorcycle is black, and riding up, the sound was very loud. As of the
reporters last night 11 O'clock press review work is still extended. Summer is
Qiangduo high season,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), to protect personal and
property safety keep in mind these five look from the past, police statistics,
the incidence of summer, is indeed the season of high incidence of Robbery
cases. To guard against the occurrence of such cases, the following five
reminded to keep in mind: first,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), as far as possible do not Lu Bai Choi.
Summer, men, women and children dressed cool neck on a necklace,[mercurial
vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), bracelet on the wrist will be
more visible, the infant's wrist, also wear ankle bracelets anklets, these are
more easily aroused the attention of the robber. Second, when the roads as
much as possible to go on the sidewalk, and rely on walk. Walking in the slow
lane or fast lane will be to the robber leave the machine can take advantage
of riding a motorcycle, they could easily close to the target sight after
fleeing the scene is also very easy. But walking on the sidewalk, fast-moving
motorcycle up and down the sidewalk is not easy, it is difficult to start.
Third, go on the road, the backpack's time to choose the
hatchback,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), do not shoulder the side of the
back,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), especially not to package this side of the back near the motor vehicle
lanes. Fourth, riding a bicycle and electric car,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), if the
package on the car in his pocket, and must take the strap around the car,
wrapped around a few times to. Fifth, when behind a motorcycle trailing the
heart to have vigilance, you can quickly come to crowded places.

Related articles:

  * [there is no fixed target](http://discoverenglishnowla.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=8371&Itemid=0 "http://discoverenglishnowla.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=8371&Itemid=0" )
  * [but he insists that the letter to his wife on a regular basis](http://mypetsbook.net/activity/p/285612/ "http://mypetsbook.net/activity/p/285612/" )
  * [compensable](http://mocoloco.com/archives/027641.php "http://mocoloco.com/archives/027641.php" )


##  west bridgehead to see

'an vehicles registered for use, users see Suining traffic police on the road
shooting a forensics white Alto car belonging to the car deck. Sichuan Online
news network: (Reporter Zeng Chang Wen Liu Meng) Recently, a report entitled
"outsiders anger: Suining traffic police hiding in the the Fujiang three
bridgehead mobile velocity" posted on the Sichuan Online Tianfu forum Suining
Forum created quite a stir, and ultimately led to users war of words. The
poster claimed: "moon river Liang Ying" in the post the Suining traffic police
a license plate number "the Chongqing A47192 field brand of the civilian
vehicle hiding the Fujiang Mihashi western end of the mobile speed, passing
vehicles hard to detect, this is both dangerous and violations, is neither
moral, seriously damaging the image of Suining in the the minds of outsiders.
Support and opposition of friends controversy triggered a war of words Citie
issued, has aroused the enthusiastic netizens thread, the thread of users was
divided into in favor of and against the idea, and thus triggered a war of
words. Hold opposing viewpoints friends almost got the upper hand,[abercrombie
pas cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), and to support the traffic
police mobile speed of users to be outdone. Friends, "the cat Chau 123," said
the foreign vehicle license plate, license hanging and put neat (in front of
the back did not), to break the law; the bridgehead vehicles in the past
often,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), put there is very
dangerous; gun have a logo, to hide the gun is not a hero. Friends, "badly",
said such a crazy money-making, so wanton indiscriminate
velocimetry,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), who tube Internet users, Internet
users only, is toppled the illegal traffic police only weapon. Friends
"lqy92530" (gun trucks) First of all the wrong road, and how may stand to the
left side of the road junctions Followed by a license in front of, behind
without a license. You want to enforce the law first with the law. Support
traffic police mobile speed of users is relatively small. New registered users
Ni Beibei "is a staunch supporter of mobile speed on September 25, he believes
foreign cars to Suining to mess the whole damage Suining beautiful image! Open
a foreign car to rogue Suining traffic police. Another new registered users
"hnloveni" users against mobile speed
abuse,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), he replies in insufficient to prove that the traffic police in covert law
enforcement with these few photos. Followed by "hnloveni" in the forum, a
project entitled "to seek justice for our Suining police" posts,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the poster must be framed
by the traffic police fine,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), and my heart is not satisfied with the
arrangement of such things in order Jiehen traffic police . One of the
Citie,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), then by a burst of vocal
netizens "tile".
Friends,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), "Victoria rain piano
Network": the doubt that you (the poster) is a
prop,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), or else so excited Gesha.
Users The not owned by a "reply:" I do not shout slogans, they said you covert
law enforcement, photo card,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), you say is framed, pointed out
flaws where "friends," Shu smoking mountain "said, to understand the traffic
police hard, but also the traffic police enforcement of a more civilized and
transparent. Reporter Police Association survey: the lack of law enforcement
vehicles requisitioned civilian vehicles detachment: civilian vehicles simply
can not participate in law enforcement on the 25th morning, the reporter the
Fujiang Mihashi (through Germany Bridge) west bridgehead to see, indeed, as
users posted above, a license plate number Chongqing A47192 white Alto car
parked in the car sat a uniformed police. "Squadron enforcement vehicles, in
order to monitor the flow of traffic and illegal solid line across the middle
of the street vehicle, then keep with their own private car video here. We are
not velocimetry. Claiming to Suining city traffic police detachment under a
large group of three squadrons Police Association, Huang average this
interpretation. Huang Average told reporters, friends reflected in the car
behind without a license,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), because the theft of vehicles parked in their
own district, is currently being re-submit. On the 27th morning, the reporter
went to Suining City Traffic Police Detachment, an interview with the matter.
Vice Captains of the City Traffic Police Detachment, said Zhang Dengkui, the
Citie just one issue immediately attracted the attention of the detachment,
after an investigation,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), can confirm that this car so-called law
enforcement vehicle is not the Police Association Huang average private cars,
the average private car is a red Alto car. As for the specific circumstances
of the scene, this car camera vehicle is under investigation, but it is
certain that the the Suining not appear to use civilian vehicles, law
enforcement matter, nor will there be no warning of mobile speed behavior, so
users post civilian vehicles reflected in the law enforcement issue is biased.
At the same time, Zhang Dengkui also said that Suining city a smooth and
orderly traffic environment requires the support of the majority of drivers
and the public hope you drivers and the public consciously abide by traffic
rules.

Related articles:

  * [£ 2,500 _](http://howtomakemoneyllc.com/blogs/entry/because-the-local-residents-that-they-want-to-clean-the-streets "http://howtomakemoneyllc.com/blogs/entry/because-the-local-residents-that-they-want-to-clean-the-streets" )
  * [nicknamed Zheng](http://www.frontiervilleinfo.com/debate-is-the-frontierville-bonus-application-cheating-or-not/ "http://www.frontiervilleinfo.com/debate-is-the-frontierville-bonus-application-cheating-or-not/" )
  * [the doctor said to not do anything. According to reports](http://www.seekdotnet.com/blog/b2evolution/b2evolution-another-effective-blogging-software/ "http://www.seekdotnet.com/blog/b2evolution/b2evolution-another-effective-blogging-software/" )


##  and often a fever. In August last year

's surgery is very successful, can be discharged within five days. Slowly
accumulate to rescue the baby horse to seek water in Dujiangyan, 10 years ago,
his younger son, Ma Jiawei, newly hatched naturally was diagnosed with
congenital heart disease. Shortly afterwards, his son was born a month later,
the wife due to sudden illness around forever. Since then,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), the horse to seek water for
one person to assume the responsibility to take care of children, alimony
father. Last year, his daughter was admitted to Peking
University,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), Ma seek water both excitement and
sorrow, rely on farming for a living, he had the loan for her daughter to
school. Wenchuan earthquake, small Ka-wai sick leave at home doing homework
when the house collapsed a beam almost hit him,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), passing by the village head
was rescued only had a narrow escape. After the earthquake, the Ka-wai's
condition is more serious, and often a fever. In August last year, the horse
to seek water a cruel,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), with his son came to
Guangzhou, the unfamiliar side of the work, while saving money to cure his
son. Father and son in a small house the Fangcun rented 56 square meters, a
daily live frugally, "the meat of the two dollars, two dollars to buy
vegetables,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), we can one day." Ma seek water in order
to ensure son of nutrition, meat basically let his son eat. To make a living,
horses seek water in Liwan Plaza to find a cleaner live a month's salary is
1100 yuan. Remove old father sent 500 yuan living expenses each month to pay
rent and utilities, wages depleted. In order to save money to cure his
son,[chaussures de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Ma seek water often taking
the time to picking up litter in the square near the "one month can earn tens
of dollars,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), and slowly accumulate to treat the child, there is hope." Hospital-funded
surgery Ka-wai The body has been very poor, and occasionally a fever. Ma seek
water before the burst of a kind fellow told him,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and
now the disease of the small Ka-wai no surgery can cure the longer the
treatment the worse the effect. He went to the hospital to a question,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), the doctor said the surgery will
cost two or three million. Ma seek water hesitated, came to Guangzhou, he
saved more than 2000 yuan. "Where governance afford ah Horse to seek water to
a sad face. "I can not let his son live life carrying the disease." Ma seek
water to great lengths to borrowed
15,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ),000 yuan. Guangzhou Military
General Hospital, doctors learned that the experience of the horse to seek
water,[abercrombie pas cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), the organizations of their own
contributions,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and decided to removed from the rest of the
surgery fees. June 2, small Wei finally boarded the operating table. Surgery
the next day, Ka-wai will be able to get out of bed. Small Ka-wai like normal
people, can be discharged within five days.

Related articles:

  * [but also to give them candy. Filed Zhou Yuehua Wang](http://mdjfang.com/thread-7297-1-1.html "http://mdjfang.com/thread-7297-1-1.html" )
  * [was published in the newspaper](http://www.xinqiao.org.cn/plus/view.php?aid=63685 "http://www.xinqiao.org.cn/plus/view.php?aid=63685" )
  * [and certainly 'hit the jackpot](http://vonlin.d9x.ru/blog.php?user=sfhis40qct&blogentry_id=56968 "http://vonlin.d9x.ru/blog.php?user=sfhis40qct&blogentry_id=56968" )


##  said Liu Xixiang quarreled frequently with colleagues

's room, holding a kitchen knife, anger, and depression waves in my heart, the
brain passed to her signal is daughter more and not looked down on. "Sooner or
later she would harm me, as I had to start." At the moment Ying still asleep
in the enjoyment of disaster before the final serenity. She was completely not
aware of the abnormal behavior of the mother. Liu Xixiang the first knifed in
Ying's head, blood spray, Liu Xixiang did not stop. Second knifed Ying in the
left ear, biting pain awakened by Ying Liu. To see the mother with the sword
themselves,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), Ying Liu subconsciously with his left
hand cover your head and begged mother to let go. Liu Xixiang the brain was
completely impulsive occupy no room for Ying's mercy, she is brought to the
knife, heavy falls Ying Liu raised his left hand, arm, cheek and legs. Ying
side of mercy ran, Liu Xixiang chasing cut, she did not remember to cut a
total of how many knives. Corridor sounded the footsteps of the milk delivery
workers, Ying Liu happen to hear, she opened the door and tried to escape with
the right hand was not chopped. Liu Xixiang knife threat to her: "Do not
shout, if you speak out on the hacked you:" Liu Ying did not dare to speak out
for help, Liu Xixiang still did not put down the knife and went on to cut a
few. Finally, Liu Xixiang put down the knife, stained with the soles blood
wipe with a cloth, to be the key to the home to the Ying, Ying has been no
effort to resist, the key to surrender after paralysis sitting on the ground.
Found bloody Ying Liu Xixiang out of the house locked the door, she tried my
best to crawl back into the room, pulled out his phone call to her boyfriend,
and then fainting in the past. Liu Xixiang take away the keys locked the door,
why do so she could explain. Ying therefore convinced that Liu Xixiang want to
kill her mother not only failed to dial the emergency phone to the contrary,
excessive bleeding, she stuck at home alone. Liu Xixiang not admit that they
want to kill her daughter, she accept "Democracy and Legal Times reporter
interviewed after the trial, said that when she cut her daughter's mind Fameng
only thought is to lift up sword, after the incident, her mind went blank. was
what she had done, why do not remember. Liu Xixiang in the first idea of ​​the
knives to injure suicide, but she can not jump, hesitate a while she decided
to give himself up. 7:30 early in the morning, Liu Xixiang went to the the
Tuanjiehu police station surrendered to police. Half an hour later, police and
Ying's boyfriend rushed to Liu, Ying Liu body more than 30 knife, has
hemorrhagic shock. Prospective son-in-law and pound the table "first aid room
Ying whole body swollen like a balloon being blown up more than 30 stab wounds
to her face,[chaussure de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), upper limbs, trunk, left
lower extremity, hands metacarpal and phalangeal multiple fractures, multiple
tendon nerve transection, the body left over scar amounted to 140.7 cm. The
scar legacy can not retreat in the full treatment, Ying Liu of the cheeks,
arms, hands dysfunction was identified as the eight disability, forensic
belongs seriously. Ying feel a real nightmare, recalled that before the
incident and the mother in the end what happened The day before the incident,
Liu Ying and her boyfriend Qiang home for dinner, in the call to his mother
Liu Xixiang, she has felt that the mother does not welcome them home, but she
thinks they should go back and try to bring her. Home do not want to Liu Ying
Liu Xixiang the grounds that "she does not like the prospective son-in-law,
Wang Qiang not respect themselves. In particular, since after the marriage of
Ying plan in August and Wang Qiang, Liu Xixiang more worried about the Qiang
sow discord between the Ying and already harmonious relations. The same day,
Liu Ying and her boyfriend and Liu Xixiang dinner. On the table, three
personal altercation, Liu Xixiang said Wang Qiang, scared she did not dare to
eat at her pound the table. Downtown offensive, Ying Liu and Liu Xixiang no
longer speak. 22:00, Ying sent home Qiang initiative and Liu Xixiang speech,
but Liu Xixiang Dali. Ying Liu Xixiang the bad temper have been accustomed to,
did not care about, back to the house to sleep. She totally can not think this
can not be called a fierce quarrel, even that breaks the camel's straw, Liu
Xixiang suppressed and distorted soul completely collapsed. Simply because the
prospective son-in-law took a table, Liu Xixiang with a kitchen knife to her
daughter seriously slashed. 18:00 altercation knives to injure the next
morning, 12 hours Liu Xixiang calm not angry, but accumulated a staggering
hatred. Liu Xixiang exactly what comes to mind "My daughter is discouraged,
the two of them are thinking about my money, sooner or later cause harm to
me,[chaussures de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), as early as hands-on." Said
Liu Xixiang. Liu Xixiang have promised Ying married to her, she thought her
daughter would appreciate. Ying secretly find out that the mother, a 78 yuan
deposit, Although Ying mouth that do not, but Liu Xixiang daughter always have
ill feelings in her heart. Liu Xixiang worry, Ying by Wang Qiang instigation
to occupy their property. Liu Xixiang a shelter, her daughter and her
boyfriend's ultimate goal is to occupy her house, put her out. Repeatedly
encountered a 53-year-old Liu Xixiang before the half was out of the home, she
decided this for themselves, "daughter get rid of her first hands-on earlier
life judges" have suffered domestic violence investigation that: Liu Xixiang
two a brother, mother, son preference, early age she was being discriminated
against. Later, Liu Xixiang's father committed suicide, his mother remarried
after the birth of a child at home, Liu Xixiang more humble, and often was
beaten by the mother. Liu Xixiang, after graduating from high school to the
Fruit Company as a stevedore, a result of the work is boring and she became
more withdrawn. Her former colleague, said Liu Xixiang quarreled frequently
with colleagues, leadership, very few friends, marriage is a hope that she
fled the family. 1984, Liu Xixiang introduced to get married, gave birth to
daughter Liu Ying. Due to the unfortunate experience,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), Liu Xixiang daughter loved a
plus. However,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), in the memory of Liu Ying, Liu
Xixiang has never been a beloved daughter's mother. Liu Xixiang Ying
impression of extreme selfishness, her generous but stingy to others at their
own expense. Her income is not out to pick up waste after retirement, but she
would eat at McDonald told Ying that she was hungry all day on the outside. To
Liu Ying, Liu Xixiang often disobedient to hit her on the grounds, Ying Liu a
child who often Liu Xixiang bite of the teeth marks. Ying said that the mother
has an abnormal power characteristics, and her sleep very little but will not
be sleepy, Ying night worried about the mother suddenly appeared in the night,
beaten her in the room. Disciplining her daughter's life chores, the Liuxi
Xiang and her husband are often noisy. Liu Xixiang remember most clearly is
that after she cursed her daughter, her husband even in front of her
daughter's double hit her. Five years ago, the two agreed to a divorce,
lifeless threat, Liu Xixiang Ying to stay at her side. Ying to find work after
graduating from college, her daily morning to evening, salary by Liu Xixiang
custody, the mother-daughter relationship is slightly ease. Ying and her
boyfriend Qiang gonna get married after the contradiction between the mother
and daughter re-sharpened. "Her poor communication, and sometimes because of
chores went to the crying of her husband and daughter unit before the divorce,
she was particularly dependent on their husbands, her dependent on her
daughter after the divorce, the daughter married, she always said that the
daughter does not listen, said the prospective son-in-law did not respect her,
two misses her property. withdrawn unwilling and family reconciliation. "After
the incident the police investigation Liu Xixiang the neighbors heard such a
description. Liu Xixiang abnormal behavior and the experience before her, the
police suspect that the mental state of Liu Xixiang crime, the police decided
to psychiatric forensic her. After identification,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Liu
Xixiang does have a personality disorder, but she is not a mental patient.
Forensic authorities Liu Xixiang the spirit of thinking, methodical, no
hallucination delusion. Own mental state, cognition, insight exists,
personality traits are significantly abnormal, a diagnosis of personality
disorder. Liu Xixiang analytical capacity in flagrante delicto, after
committing the crime of unlawful act and report,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), seen in the implementation of
criminal behavior, she had no psychiatric characteristics lead to the loss of
the ability to identify and control, she does not belong to mental illness,
with complete responsibility. The judge Liu Xixiang personality disorder does
not belong to the law on the mentally ill, she must bear full criminal
responsibility for their own injurious behavior. Daughter Liu Ying after the
incident, filed a criminal with civil requirements Liu Xixiang compensation
for medical expenses, lost income, fees, fees of $ 24 million. Mother and
daughter not yet handed down June 30, 2010, Beijing Chaoyang District Court
Wenyu court Liu Xixiang intentionally wounding criminal with civil case. Ying
has been commissioned by the pre-action lawyers, she did not intend to attend
the trial and did not want to meet with Liu Xixiang. But the trial, Ying Liu
aunt accompanied personally appear in court, the courage to sit in the court
of the plaintiff gallery. Ying deliberately long hair, trying to cover the
face of a scar, however, still clearly visible. Ying hands spread on the
plaintiff's seat on the table, her hands in the hand after nerve transection
can not make a fist. Ying aunt said,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), regardless of the weather hot,
Ying wear long-sleeved clothes, because the scars on her arms up to one meter
scar heavy, she felt ugly, and therefore not exposed. Ying Liu and Liu Xixiang
since July 27 last year after never met two people in the year of isolation
have experienced earth-shaking changes. Liu Xixiang urgently want to see her
daughter become what it was like, Ying Liu Liu Xixiang not help but wonder to
see has been put on the clothes issue. When the moment of the bailiff into the
court with Liu Xixiang,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), Liu Ying and deliberately
looked away, avoiding eyes met with Liu Xixiang. But when Liu Xixiang the face
of the judge to sit down, Ying Liu could not help but looked at her. After the
start of the trial, Ying did not stay in the Liu Xixiang body, regardless of
Liu Xixiang how to try to speak oriented Ying, Liu Ying or head down or side
turned to see her. Liu Ying did not want to forgive Liu Xixiang. Ying's agent
ad litem in the court, requirements Ying Liu Xixiang sever the legal
relationship between mother and daughter and severely Liu Xixiang. Public
Prosecution Service of "willful assault" to prosecute Liu Xixiang, Liu Ying's
agent ad litem told the court, the request to be punished for "intentional
homicide". Ying's agent Liu Xixiang knifed Ying's head, ears and face, a knife
in the fatal Department. The especially chopped Ying, Liu Xixiang did not take
any rescue measures, but Ying locked home, reducing the possibility of Ying
rescued, this shows Liu Xixiang want to set Ying death. Liu Xixiang face red
Liu Ying, the excuse that he did not kill her thoughts, Ying Liu bowed his
head, the hand of disability could not wipe away tears. An agent of Ying Liu
Xixiang repeatedly emphasized the subjective malignant, Liu Xixiang suddenly
emotional crying: "I sentenced to death, you sentence me to death." Ying could
not suppress his pain out of court, squatting in front cover face burst into
tears. The forgiveness or to pursue the matter, the subject of the fate to the
25-year-old Ying is too heavy. Ying's aunt, told reporters: "Ying's whole life
changed, her hands crippled, can not find jobs, she originally planned to get
married in August last
year,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), no one knows what time will
drag." After the trial, Liu Xixiang learned that reporters would interview
her, and asked in horror: "I am going to be sentenced to death is not after no
opportunity to say, so now and the reporter " Liu Xixiang afraid to die, she
said,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), regretting the chopped daughter, in the
detention center every day to withstand the inner torment. "I do not want to
die ah,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), I wish I could get out alive, I left the children, I gave her good food.
Daughter forgive me, I wait on her, even if she beat me call me, I do not
hide." Perhaps Liu Xixiang upbringing left her difficult to heal the trauma of
her again an amazing and tragic way the trauma to his daughter. 6 30 days
court is not on Liu Xixiang for sentencing Liu Xixiang and Ying Liu, waiting
for the judgment of the law, but also in the waiting time for this mother and
daughter to find a destination.

Related articles:

  * [but the face of more than 10 million surgical gap](http://atheistica.com/2012/04/01/tunisian-atheists-sentenced-to-seven-and-a-half-years-of-prison/ "http://atheistica.com/2012/04/01/tunisian-atheists-sentenced-to-seven-and-a-half-years-of-prison/" )
  * [help delete posts about Liu Jia old tricks. But this time](http://blogs.themiamihurricane.com/index.php/2010/05/10/you-got-to-educate-the-youngn-s?blog=24#comments "http://blogs.themiamihurricane.com/index.php/2010/05/10/you-got-to-educate-the-youngn-s?blog=24#comments" )
  * [knives who a lot of blood](http://christianradionewsroom.org/outreach/blog1.php/holidays/ "http://christianradionewsroom.org/outreach/blog1.php/holidays/" )


##  " I tube set. "angry young man

'an Textile City. Went to the West sheep port
city,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), they fight a guy, over 30-year-old, the
other is a middle-aged women, worn clothing. The Zhou old man Coushang go to
see what happens. The matter is very simple guy car, suspected of women
blocked the road, they had an altercation,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), the more noisy aggravated guy
clenched his fists, ready hands rushed before. The so-called "road
indignant,[chaussure de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), his help,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), weeks old man could not
stand," Zeneng begins to hit it "Guy do not listen," you nosy "Weeks old man
upset,[abercrombie pas cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" )," I tube set. "angry young
man,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), and one pushed him. Weeks old man
leant back and fell to the ground. Guy to go week the old man will cling to
the guy's legs hold life and death. Desperate guy, turned back to the old
man's face hit several punches, kick kicks toward the elderly. Friends saw the
bad, and ran Beiyuanmen police
station,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), police came,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), the guy drove early as a slip,
then he was taken to Central Hospital. Yesterday morning, owes the hospital
more than 5000 yuan for medical
expenses,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), Zhou old man was stopped drugs.
Lying on the bed, he regretted not remember the guy's license plate number. "I
am a farmer,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), where would think to remember the
license plate number",[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Zhou said the old man, the small group of
about 9 1 m tall, flat head, high nose, wearing sunglasses. His ribs broken
three weeks old man's X-rays from the point of view, after scalp
laceration,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), 3 stitches. At present, Beiyuanmen police station in the investigation. The
Sun within a week (please provide clues to the newspaper to collect clues fee
of $ 50)

Related articles:

  * [I feel that the Court is a cheat red](http://www.keroro115.com/viewthread.php?tid=109479&extra= "http://www.keroro115.com/viewthread.php?tid=109479&extra=" )
  * [but always felt a little strange](http://kb.webhosting.uk.com/tag/b2evolution-hosting/ "http://kb.webhosting.uk.com/tag/b2evolution-hosting/" )
  * [the case is under further hearing.](http://www.ceospace.biz/blogs/uvw083 "http://www.ceospace.biz/blogs/uvw083" )


##  he had stopped breathing.

Metropolis Daily News (special correspondent correspondent early Xu Yan Fan
Shirui) noon yesterday,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), YUNXI fire brigade received
the alarm: a workers sneaked into the site to steal,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), managers
found,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
workers hurriedly fled the scene, jumped into the Milky Way, but no
disappeared. The Yunxi Fire Brigade quickly dispatched a rescue vehicles
rushed to the scene to eight officers and men. The worker to steal in the
county near the Rainbow Bridge,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), According to witnesses Ms.
Lee, the workers hurriedly left the
scene,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), faintly see the waist also
inserted a tool. According to the first arrived on the scene the police
station, jumping into a river man surnamed Xu, a worker over 50 years old,
wearing a camouflage fatigues. That
afternoon,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), he steal the site Construction
materials have been discovered, the
police,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), then ran to the river jumping
into a river,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), police rushed to the scene,
he was still standing at the shallow water,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), police and the workers told
him to go ashore,[ヴィトン](http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com
"http://www.japanlouisvuitton.com" ), but he ignored not pay attention to the
deep water around,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), no longer up. Fire officers and men of
nearly 20 minutes of search and rescue workers in the 20 meters from the shore
bottom is found, unfortunately,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), he had stopped breathing.

Related articles:

  * [cost of 3000 yuan. 27](http://nightclubtraffic.net/social/ "http://nightclubtraffic.net/social/" )
  * [So what is the purpose Wang](http://www.mdjiaoyu.com/website/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis78ann.showtopic.9302.html "http://www.mdjiaoyu.com/website/bbs/boke.asp?sfhis78ann.showtopic.9302.html" )
  * [348 lawyers](http://thegoodmule.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=17&t=374808 "http://thegoodmule.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=17&t=374808" )


##  Hutouhunao

's desire to do her very painful. In July 2009, family planning guidance
station in Xinchang newborn Bingbing. Wang Jinlian Bingbing in vain the net
net,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), fat head and big
ears,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ),
Hutouhunao,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), endearing, and she looked like his.
Because of family reasons, I have been until now, no children in order to
maintain the marriage, there is an urgent need for a child. "Wang Jinlian said
she had taken away the child's mind from moment to see the small Bingbing.
So,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), she spent a lot of
ways,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), to
hear the child's parents hit the child was discharged home
address,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), often go to the children at home wandering
around. After making inquiries, Wang Jinlian decided to not get
involved,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the child can not milk dependent
hands. Over the past six
months,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), small Bingbing instant six
months, it is lovely. Wang Jinlian think the time is right,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), children can be reared. She went
to Lv Zhiyong couple around the house several times to grasp clearly the
family habits, and room location. Zhang,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Shu, a five outsiders,
employment,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), pay commission to the careful planning
of premeditation,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and to the site to check out the location.
In the early morning of February 10, the children home to be snatched away. It
is reported that currently arrested Wang, Zhang, Shu, a three criminal
suspects on suspicion of child trafficking charges by the police under
criminal detention. Xinchang police are fully hunt down the three other
fugitive criminal suspects, the case is still under further investigation.

Related articles:

  * [or dad came home from work](http://christianradionewsroom.org/outreach/ "http://christianradionewsroom.org/outreach/" )
  * [the Cangnan Standing Committee](http://submatex.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?512.last "http://submatex.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?512.last" )
  * [to maintain the image of the judiciary](http://www.tokenvote.com/cgi-bin/yabb2/YaBB.pl?num=1345887442/0 "http://www.tokenvote.com/cgi-bin/yabb2/YaBB.pl?num=1345887442/0" )


##  an interview with reporters say. Only responsible for sales

'clock, when traveling to the the Taihe Chengguan town of Long March
Road,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the long-distance bus traveling
from Shenzhen to Tai Wo,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), intercept them. The car, a man
he tried to escape the police captured the scene seized counterfeit money of
8,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ),424,820 yuan, Anhui Province since
the founding of seized counterfeit money case. At present, 13 suspected
counterfeit crime suspects to justice. From the brick kiln workers to
counterfeit money trafficking before 2005, Taihe
County,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), Zhao miaozhen villagers Fan
Zhaohui is a humble farmer to earn money to feed four children by doing the
brick kiln workers. One day, my brother told him that counterfeit money
selling from the south stall point can easily get the money, he would move the
heart, lost brick of manual labor, and embarked on a road of trafficking in
counterfeit money,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), he may not think of, and a total
of trafficking in 2000 more than one million counterfeit money criminals
equate. In 2006, Fan Zhaohui go a trip to Guangdong brother introduced,
recognizing the Moumou engaged in the production and sale of counterfeit
money. Of counterfeit money in the past is a version number from start to
finish unchanged, while Fan Zhaohui trafficking of counterfeit money, there
are multiple versions of the hybrid. Counterfeit one hundred dollars, Fan
Zhaohui the price of 1.7 yuan to buy, sell off the assembly line price of $
2.5 to 3, to benefit from it. Fan Zhaohui not only their own trafficking in
counterfeit money,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), and his wife Li Xiufang more relatives
and friends to help them to sell counterfeit money downline, a vast network of
counterfeit currency sales slowly spread. Shot mostly in Jiangsu and Zhejiang
Provinces rejection stars and cushion stars is the jargon used when the
counterfeit money was shot, Fan Zhaohui they sell counterfeit money, very
cautious, generally only in the the Taihe outside, and more sales in Jiangsu
and Zhejiang Provinces. "I have never spent a penny, even if every day is also
nervous." Today, Fan Zhaohui held in the Taihe County Detention Center, an
interview with reporters say. Only responsible for sales, how to spent the
money is his off the assembly line task. One hundred yuan counterfeit money to
buy small things called rejection Star, developed to such means more along
with a few people came to the field,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), co-ordinated bulk shopping,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), the
purchase of tobacco and alcohol, computers, counterfeit money will be "thrown
out; acquire real money trading goods hand, and then was prepared to a good
counterfeit money to replace the out of the way of real money is called
"cushion star, the combination of these two means of making the counterfeit
money, a large influx of market . Trafficking in counterfeit money, two
thousand Yuwan Fan Zhao-hui is very cunning, and care, and acquaintances, he
did not trade. Taihe Police noticed the signs of his crime to be tracking,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), found often in order to complete
a transaction, should the car around the county open for hours. Grasp Fan
Zhaohui conclusive evidence of a
crime,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the police quickly to take
action, so they took place the scene in the beginning of this article. 8.42482
million yuan of the scene seized counterfeit money, and then to 798,300 yuan
of counterfeit money found in their rented room, and seized counterfeit
money,[chaussure de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), a total of 9,223,120 yuan.
In search of the residence, the careful police on the nightstand found a
cigarette box filled with strange symbols. Fan Zhaohui account, which he used
to record the counterfeit money transactions "books", how much money to buy,
sell,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), sell what people according to what percentage of the number of number of
detailed records, which is the Fan Zhaohui counterfeit money trading the most
direct evidence. Fan Zhaohui account of he past few years a total of
trafficking in counterfeit money, over 2000 million, a profit-making over 20
million. Newspaper reporter Zhu Yanqi

Related articles:

  * [basically unable to walk. On the death Yibubuxiang him near](http://bbs.51fishfly.cn/showtopic-6972.aspx "http://bbs.51fishfly.cn/showtopic-6972.aspx" )
  * [Haidian near the bridge](http://www.scopeoo.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=721089 "http://www.scopeoo.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=721089" )
  * [a huge amount](http://civiclists.com/activity/p/155807/ "http://civiclists.com/activity/p/155807/" )


##  this dog every day

'fat'. "fat" covered with the hair like just cut, his eyes a little glazed,
approached it, stroked its
neck,[abercrombie](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), it would not be called
immediately, and are tame and enjoyed look. Uncle Zhang told the patrol team,
"fat" is a once in a Provincial Salt Company security raised some time
ago,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), that security is transferred
elsewhere, can not will it away,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), you gave others. "Surprisingly,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), just saying good-bye it back."
Later, security,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), it sent away, and
behold,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), this
morning,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), it came back. The third time
within a month come back to find the owner before back twice. "Salt Company, a
security support" fat "security called Oda. Oda here, this dog every
day,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), accompanied him. "The guard said. Ten
days ago, one morning, he saw a "fat" ran back to the time,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), was lying there motionless, Why
did not move. "This time back is already the third time." The guard said two
previous Oda in, but this time,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Oda has already transferred
the. Passing here for the public to give it someone bought a ham,[chaussures
de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), bought
buns,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
can it not even look at a. 8:00 pm, the patrol team decided to take it to
first team, about 200 meters distance, the patrol team spent over one hour and
only then the "fat" removed because it is almost reluctant to move step.
Present, the "fat" in the Garden Road Patrol Squadron patrol team also is
working to contact the security of that to go somewhere else, waiting for the
"fat" back to his master's side. (Baoliao Chak royalties of $ 50, rebellion
phone 0371-86088666)

Related articles:

  * [family firmly opposed to of Marseille](http://www.bailiang100.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=430924&extra= "http://www.bailiang100.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=430924&extra=" )
  * [be able to carefully listen to the world](http://blog.odem.org/2012/01/cicero-internet-bashing.html#comments "http://blog.odem.org/2012/01/cicero-internet-bashing.html#comments" )
  * [is neither reported](http://home.haixiachina.com/space.php?uid=121050&do=blog&id=300636 "http://home.haixiachina.com/space.php?uid=121050&do=blog&id=300636" )


##  can no longer stay here

'clock yesterday afternoon, a clothing extremely simple granny in the nursing
director of the Cancer Hospital of Jiangsu Province Mengai Feng, accompanied
by,[abercrombie france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), shuffling into the wards of
the hospital inpatient department of a building, carry a small backpack, took
out a stack with a small handkerchief bandage good red envelope, from out a
copy into the hands of cancer patients being hospitalized. Presented caring
for the elderly, it is also not forget that the patient asked a few to her
love, and encourage them to be strong, disease is not terrible, as long as
there is a sense of balance, to struggle with
death,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), to take seriously the life, we will be
able to overcome the disease early recovery . Elderly resolutely declined to
disclose the name of each small red envelope of only 200 yuan in cash,
observant of the elderly still each small red envelope, write on a period to
encourage patients to positive, bravely confronting the disease discourse. The
hospital to show love old people When a reporter with the elderly behind, into
each of her given their love of the ward, ask her several times to the
elderly,[chaussure de foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the elderly is always a
knowing smile, "Do not ask me who can not tell you what I who asked anxious,
elderly people will be very unhappy to say, "I just take a look at family and
friends, not much to say, do not ask." "thanks, I really appreciate it!" in
thoracic surgery. the elderly will be a red envelope handed a lung cancer
patient Wang hands of Wang in this "somehow" the scene was very surprised, and
then accompanied the old man Mengai Feng Director explained, again and again
thanks, and insist on the elderly to leave their names , home address,
etc.,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
for future reward, but the old man smiled and said, relatives and friends,
nothing, just a little mind is not worth mentioning. some patients, repeated
questioning, the old Who, but has been used Meng Aifeng resolve the Director
with a smile, "We can not tell you that she is who we have agreed that we must
abide by its commitments," Director Meng
said,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), the elderly 84 years old this year,
but other cases can not be informed. The love of money is to the children of
the New Year on the road from thoracic surgery to the gynecological ward,
regardless of the reporter how to ask her, she either answered "I do a little
bit of trivial little mind to give the people most in need, not worth it to
promote. either deaf or do not understand the accent answered reporters a few.
The presence of the Meng Aifeng Director said that "the old man today after
making inquiries to find the Provincial Tumor Hospital, that had come, we kind
of charity for the elderly moved. Elderly clothing is extremely rushed prime,
braving the cold. her total today bring to 3,000 yuan in cash, the money is
divided into 15, she said to put this little love dedicated to the urgent need
for money or struggle with death of cancer patients. "Mengai Feng said that
the elderly come to the hospital claiming to be named The king, have three
children and two women, one child, $ 3,000 love money to their children New
Year holiday costs, the elderly reluctant to put it donated to a number of
cancer patients, I hope they go on living. Cancer patients: struggle with
death,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), and had a good one day seventy
patients moved to tears by 3 pm yesterday, about 20 minutes, in one ward
within the ENT this year, more than 70-year-old cancer patients and Sisian
elderly, suffering from throat cancer just finished cutting the throat
surgery, lying quietly in bed and inhaling oxygen. "Good brother, listen to
the doctors, the nurses were introduced, you are very great, we must learn
from you the spirit and battled, and today I deliberately you, this is a bit
of mind, in any case must accept I wish you a speedy recovery ...... "Granny
went to a West Yin Cheng elderly bedside, took his hand and said. West Yin
Cheng elderly people unable to speak, but when he learned that Grandma Wang,
84 years old this year, so an elderly stranger to the ward,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), braving the cold to see him,
encourage him, Cheng West Yin elderly immediately moved to tears, said that a
certain will be strong enough to struggle with death, and live well every day.
Grandma Wang Cheng West Yin elderly while wiping tears, edge advised,
"Brothers, do not overcome the disease, keep a good body today, I see your
only hope, over time I will see you again!" Students in patients with
Thanksgiving Grandma Wang again and again out of the ward by the elderly West
Yin Cheng, went to the inpatient department of Building 5. "Girl, please help
me find a few people who need help, I went to look at them." Grandma Wang to
the side, accompanied by her Mengai Feng Director said. This year it was 21
years old, who lives in Xuzhou,
Jiangsu,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), Students Mao Zhicheng students
now studying in Nanjing Forestry University, the Spring Festival before a
holiday, went to his father working in Wuxi site to help work better for
tuition. The Mao Zhicheng students did not expect to work part time in the
morning of January 28, I suddenly felt unwell dizziness, can no longer stay
here, hastened to the hospital accompanied by his father, upon inspection,
found he was suffering from the diaphragm cancer, followed by father and son
go Cancer Hospital of Jiangsu Province, after further confirmed that the
suffering from cancer of the diaphragm immediately hospitalized,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), "My
family is very bad economic conditions these days are anxious for the
surgery." Grandma Wang was informed Maozhi Cheng's condition, immediately came
to his bedside . Children ah, my grandmother to see you, this is a bit of
heart and want you to be strong, you are young, do not be pessimistic, we must
overcome the disease, and keep a good body in future, but good for the people
to do more, there is no money grandmother would think of ways to keep in mind
that some people have everything, I am convinced that the disease is not scare
you, the energetic young man! remember the words of my grandmother. "Grandma
Wang took the hand of Students Mao Zhicheng, reluctant to put open, 1000
Reminder asked to Mao Zhicheng must be strong,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), to encourage Mao Zhicheng
said, life is still a long way, by the point of frustration is not terrible.
Mao Zhicheng also seize the hand of the king grandmother is reluctant to let
go, again and again Thanksgiving, said he recovered after hospital discharge,
be sure to bring the family to Grandma Wang thanks. "Do not do this and get
proper medical treatment, child." Short-term exchanges and
encouragement,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Grandma Wang and Mao
Zhicheng parting. Background for the elderly was about medical workers
yesterday, 16:30, Grandma Wang, one has always been 15 patients presented a
love to get out of the Cancer Hospital of Jiangsu Province, reluctantly told
reporters she went to the Provincial Cancer the hospital to visit the
patient's idea. Wang said the grandmother, she was in Yunnan Province, 1953 to
participate in the work, then work in a hospital in Kunming railway, is a
medical worker, his wife also working railway. Until 1975, his wife because of
their work transferred to Nanjing,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), she also will come to Nanjing, and continue
to engage in medical work. Grandma Wang, every day contact with some patients
from different sectors, some patients with poor out of coverage will be in a
hurry, and since then, Wang said the grandmother, she has been a wish to help
those in society most in need help, even a simple greeting, this desire have
not been able to complete. 12 years ago, his wife away from me, I think this
desire can be dragged on for various reasons, until now this wish or could not
be completed. Can not be delayed after the Spring Festival this year work is
first to the provincial Cancer Hospital to visit patients to express yourself
a little wish, more terminally ill patients, to their spiritual encouragement,
and hope that they will establish the confidence and determination to struggle
with death, life is not easy. "Wang said the grandmother, her The monthly
pension is also more than a thousand pieces, and three children are grown up,
married, and she can be described as children and grandchildren do not need
her to help solve the problem, therefore, her monthly pension is enough. Next,
as long as she is still alive, even if only to live another day, she must be
frugal normal expenditure has been completed to go on the wish to own this one
unfinished, the pain is physical, a noble spirit, is the world's most happy
people. "I help people, I am filled with power." Author: Lu Bin / Source:
Nanjing Morning Post

Related articles:

  * [Chen Ching-chun](http://www.yzhfishing.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=29494&extra= "http://www.yzhfishing.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=29494&extra=" )
  * [three nearby police station in a timely manner out of the police](http://jiaju.zcinfo.net/thread-840434-1-1.html "http://jiaju.zcinfo.net/thread-840434-1-1.html" )
  * ['s Government.](http://ldstu.tk/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=41483 "http://ldstu.tk/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=41483" )


##  Pengmou power cord with a hair dryer

's things you never noticed before!" Yesterday, the children Xiaoyuan killed
his parents in court accused of property not covered An Baoyi Service. Came to
Beijing two weeks, the 21-year-old Xiao Yuan rented the basement was
strangled. The Xiaoyuan parents Oriental content and property management
limited liability company the prosecution, the claim of 69 million yuan.
Yesterday morning,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the East Court hearing of the
case. Yesterday, Xiao Yuan's parents came from Sichuan trial. Xiaoyuan mother
of a mouth to speak, began to cry, old home is also placed at an angle, are
too busy tube, my son die in Cana, to lose any amount of money can not be
exchanged his life. "Xiaoyuan mother recalled In October last year, Xiao Yuan
to Beijing to work. Later that month, also received the Xiaoyuan phone. In
November,[mercurial vapor pas cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), she received the notification by
the Police to know the sad news of his son was killed. The Xiaoyuan parents
from the police was informed that the afternoon of October 29 in the rented
basement, Xiaoyuan and Pengmou because of a trivial
dispute,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), Pengmou power cord with a
hair dryer, Xiao Yuan strangled. "My son died two weeks, attendant only to
find my son's room there are exceptions,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), corpses rot",[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), Xiaoyuan mother said. Pengmou
is was sentenced to death. Because it can not compensate for any
loss,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), the Yuen couples sued for property
compensation for loss of 69 million yuan. Xiaoyuan parents believe that the
property lax management failed to fulfill An Baoyi
Service,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), resulting in Xiaoyuan killed.
Trial,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the property argued that,
Xiaoyuan is Pengmou killed,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), his death and property relations. The
property's agent said, "only a stranger to enter only the inventory and
registration from the surveillance video, Xiaoyuan the Pengmou into the
basement, the staff think they are good friends. Is not the case in court for
sentencing. The &gt;&gt; reporters visit into the basement were not blocked
yesterday afternoon, this reporter arrived at the incident of Hutong,
Dongcheng South Gate warehouse of a building. Reporters from a residential
entrance into the security on duty and did not ask. The reporter went into the
basement, to see stairs corner hanging notices "if not the basement staff
allowed to enter,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), if visitors please register
offenders at your peril." The reporter went in and turn in the basement
corridor ten meters before the duty room of people. The staff said that the
basement of management is very strict, visitors are required to register.
Mention the Xiaoyuan death of the staff said, "after the arrival, they lived
three or four times,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), and if he took the others,
had not let him live. Staff said,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), the basement probe, found the suspect from
surveillance video, and then he expressed his unwillingness to be interviewed.

Related articles:

  * [the other was crushed like](http://www.actindynamics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1073836 "http://www.actindynamics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1073836" )
  * [replaced by two strange men. "Valuable possessions are out](http://www.fxyzyz.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=205174&extra= "http://www.fxyzyz.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=205174&extra=" )
  * [chemical preservatives bags 3 more than 70 kg](http://www.hlqczl.cn/member/index.php?uid=sfhis74lvf "http://www.hlqczl.cn/member/index.php?uid=sfhis74lvf" )


##  a middle-aged man surrounded by a bite of the man's face

's Government Information Office briefing on the morning of May 31, Yang
County Public Security Bureau deputy director Song Haihu first entered the
office shortly,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), suddenly come a little four
youngest women in the public security organs in handling cases unfair cases
qualitative not allowed on the grounds of being office Songhai Hu abusive,
biting. The Songhai Hu from office retreated to the corridor at four people
continue to beat, resulting in the Songhai Hu multiple injuries, the public
security organs for up to half an hour does not work. June 3, the period of
surveillance video provided by the reporter from the police to see four women
in the Department the Yangxian Public Security Bureau, a corridor, a middle-
aged man surrounded by a bite of the man's face, another one clinging to the
man's legs, and bite a man's thigh, the other two men
tear,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
abusive. Up to 30 minutes,[abercrombie
france](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), biting, resulting in the man
ears bleed, the shirt was tore the chest multiple scratches ... the man and
the presence of police did not fight back. According to a police heard the
news rushed injured Song Haihu is sent to the hospital. In the hospital, once
again its beat, abuse,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), resulting in a doctor for
examination and treatment of Songhai Hu was forced to interrupt. After
forensic Hanzhong Municipal Public Security
Bureau,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), The Song Haihu body
suffered 11 injury system caused by external forces, injury Sometimes no. The
leading families of XingJu this several women why do it It is understood that
the September 13,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), 2011, the the Yangxian man Zhang young
North Road South Side,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), was hacked to death on the
streets. After the incident, the the Yangxian public security organs quickly
set up a special investigation after more than eight months, in addition to a
suspect at large, the rest of the people involved have been arrested. May this
year, the public security organs on suspicion of intentional assault, the
suspect handed over to the procuratorial organs proceedings. The victim's
family that the case should be characterized as intentional homicide cases,
and that is in charge of criminal investigation, Deputy Secretary Songhai Hu
handling the case unfair. So Bite person scene, four people were Zhang's
mother,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), wife, two sisters. After the incident, the
the Yangxian Public Security Bureau to report promptly to the relevant
departments of the county. Yang County Public Security Bureau set up a special
investigation according to law, on June 2 on suspicion of assembling a crowd
to disturb social order,[abercrombie pas
cher](http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr
"http://franceabercrombiepascher.webnode.fr" ), according to the law of the
two suspects to take the lead in trouble (Zhang's two sisters) were sentenced
to criminal detention and bail; a mother older and suffering from heart
disease,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), should not be detained;
Zhang's wife in the field,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), the police are not yet summoned in
place. Yang County Public Security Bureau, the political commissar Li Hung
said that the families of the victims repeatedly to Yang County Public
Security Bureau petition, Yang County Public Security Bureau in accordance
with the relevant provisions in handling criminal cases,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), verification and responses are
reflected by the families of the victims. If the public security departments
on the case qualitative improper prosecution service unwinding or to request a
supplementary investigation, the victim's family can also be reflected through
the proper channels. But their impulsive behavior is illegal.

Related articles:

  * [43 years old](http://infected-gaming.net23.net/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1 "http://infected-gaming.net23.net/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1" )
  * [shall be given a lighter punishment. 23 am](http://www.luckcai.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=31283&extra= "http://www.luckcai.com/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=31283&extra=" )
  * [put a few mahjong table](http://jammuyellowpages.com/blogs/posts/sfhis99ovm "http://jammuyellowpages.com/blogs/posts/sfhis99ovm" )


##  abetting

's Procuratorate,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), a man with small favors for the bait
behind the scenes,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ),
abetting,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), instigation minors wantonly
to snatch the gold necklace,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), crime bosses Liu has been
the county People's Court sentenced to four years in prison and fined RMB 5000
yuan. The Xishui prosecutors alleged
Ryu,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), who lives in the Xishui
official Dianzhen unemployed persons in 2007, found guilty of snatch
crimes,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ),
the county court sentenced a year. Served prison,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), Liu became acquainted with
a bunch of local teenagers under 16 years of age, will win over to the small
favors, the instigation of this gang of juvenile theft grab property to
"gratitude". On July 4 last year, suspects Liu and his "brother" (large) with
several juvenile to Xishui city planned snatch pedestrians. Day, 18:50, Ryu
and "Elder Brother", Jo,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), Tang sneaked, Xishui donghuang Town Xinhua
Road,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), Liu instigation the
juvenile Tangmou not prepared to take advantage of the victim Ms. Wang to be
worn around the neck of a gold necklace snatched Tang will grab the gold
necklace to Ryu custody of stolen goods. Night, the group fled to the the
Xishui donghuang the new town of Huaqiao Hong Chang clothing Plaza, take in
the same way,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), pedestrian She has the necklace snatched
Tangmou She has and their families escape caught red-handed by the patrol The
police deal with. Estimated the Xishui price certification center, Ms. Wang
was robbed of a gold necklace valued at 4797 yuan,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), She has been robbed of a gold
necklace valued at 8798 yuan. Recently, the county court that Liu suspects for
illegal possession for the purpose of incitement of minors is not prepared to
take advantage of people, openly robbing someone acts violate the criminal law
constitutes a crime,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), but also in the case of
repeat offenders should be punished severely, then the above verdict. Reporter
Du Gaofu

Related articles:

  * [so why did my dad injection it hurts so much](http://www.1122ab.com/thread-40936-1-1.html "http://www.1122ab.com/thread-40936-1-1.html" )
  * [the progress of the case to work.](http://myq163.com/thread-3606-1-1.html "http://myq163.com/thread-3606-1-1.html" )
  * [under the law](http://barrierfreetourism.com/index.php?do=/sfhis28ljp/blog/under-the-law/ "http://barrierfreetourism.com/index.php?do=/sfhis28ljp/blog/under-the-law/" )


##  Liu Chunlin received donations of 6.5 million

should help him ride out the storm. Yesterday, a number of well-intentioned
people to the hospital to visit Liu Chunlin,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), leaving money and left.
Philanthropist Li Chunping also rushed to the hospital, slips Liu Chunlin 5
million in cash. Chun-Ping Li said,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), he immediately about the
incident to contact the hospital and learned that Liu Chunlin urgently need
treatment fee,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), and it came quickly. "If the lack
of money, and I must say." Li Chunping doctor said. The Xicheng District Civil
Affairs Bureau,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), Special Care Division Staff
Savings Ms. bring 3,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ),000 yuan relief funds. Chu said
Ms. approval courageous activists title needs strict implementation of the
program,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), taking into account Liu Chunlin poor
family,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), the Civil Administration
has accelerated the approval process. Event,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), enabling criminals has not
been brought to justice,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but the victim and drivers have been
confirmed this, so it will not affect the work of examination and approval.
Currently,[polo ralph lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), Liu Chunlin courageous
application has been submitted to the Public Security
Bureau,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), and is waiting for approval.
South Lishilu community neighborhood committee sent 1 million in cash and and
Liu Chunlin speedy recovery. Currently,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), Liu Chunlin received
donations of 6.5 million, has been basically meet its follow-up treatment
costs.

Related articles:

  * [and ask for help to find. Police to understand that](http://scripturepedia.com/index.php/User:Sfhis00lvx#and_ask_for_help_to_find._Police_to_understand_that "http://scripturepedia.com/index.php/User:Sfhis00lvx#and_ask_for_help_to_find._Police_to_understand_that" )
  * [has been unable to accept the award. No way](http://old.khiclub.com/blogs/1199/14637/that-a-few-days-ago "http://old.khiclub.com/blogs/1199/14637/that-a-few-days-ago" )
  * [there is no quality problem](http://singlesnetcam.com/blogs/posts/W453ixlsh "http://singlesnetcam.com/blogs/posts/W453ixlsh" )


##  National registered consulting engineer

'. Spend 320,000 to buy a new house was originally a "problem" room in May
2009 and spent 32 million yuan to buy 43 of Xinyu JiYang Emerald City the
third floor of a residential room, December 14, 2010,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), Lee President to get the house
keys. Recently, housing renovation, Mr. Lee found the bathroom constantly have
water to seep into the bedroom wall from time to time from the sand off, and
the thickness of the floor, there are only 8.3 cm (as provided for by the
state, the slab thickness is 12 cm). To try housing is solid, he
subconsciously in a room and jumped a few, actually obviously can feel the
houses shaking, this discovery, Mr. Lee was stunned, he immediately stopped
decoration. Lee said housing, he asked to the other owners of the upstairs,
downstairs, only to find the original whole building 24 per household problems
of varying degrees. Chan told reporters, who lives on the first floor of her
home during the renovation, also found that the cement walls constantly
shedding, installed ceiling fan, the roof is actually a dozen exposed rebar,
no protective layer upstairs bathroom stop water seepage to her home,
following the wall of the living room windows All cracks. Ms Chan said her
find housing developers point of view, the developers actually denied that a
house is not a quality problem, The cracking wall with cement Bubu on the
line. During the interview, Ms. Chen said, first discovered the housing
problem is in fact an owner of the six-floor, they have total security windows
installation can not be found in the renovation, the roof kept out the lime,
and developers in order to "seal" immediately on their home housing repair, in
addition to compensation, only require that the owners do not quiet. Today,
the owners have already moved. Developers and 24 owners "hide and seek" found
that housing quality problems, the 24 owners request Jiyang real estate for
housing refurbishment, in accordance with 300 yuan / square meter
compensation, but it was the developer refused. The owners are again reflect
the quality inspection departments, quality inspection departments to a Zouke
Chang if the owners want. Ms. Chen said, Zouke Chang looked at the scene, said
the house is part of the problem, the maintenance to repair, and promised to
urge the developers as soon as possible maintenance problems of housing.
However,[polo ralph lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), when the owners are again
with the opinion of the quality control department to find developers,
developers proposed to invite an expert evaluation department, commitment and
if so the problem will be to repair. But who could have guessed that, when the
identification results came out,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), Jiyang property but failed to do to
start with 24 owners "hide and seek". The owners have told reporters that the
houses of this extension on 7 months, and now dragged on for almost six
months, we have a "problem" room bought with hard-earned money, do not know
when to be resolved. Jump felt houses shake the reporter came to the the
Jiyang Emerald City 43 building, visited several owners home,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), found in the bathroom
floor, walls, bedroom top has a different degree of leakages on, stop
decoration Mr. Lee and Ms. Chen family, the reporter also saw rusted rebar
exposed floor than usual to thin, there are cracks in the window below, hand
touching the wall,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the plaster some shedding dander.
In the third floor of the Lee family, the reporter deliberately try
beating,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), and immediately felt the
house shake a little. Floor sampling the Qicheng unqualified reporters in the
owners on hand to see a technical appraisal of the building structural safety
issued by Jiangxi South forensic center submissions. The submission reads: the
building is reinforced concrete slab test results show that the majority of
the slab thickness to reach the design requirements, according to the sampling
of the 31 measured the thickness of the plate,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the actual thickness of the 22
board does not meet the design requirements, accounting for 70% of the
sampling,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com "http://www.poloralphsjp.com"
), in some places the bottom plate reinforced Exposed corroded phenomenon of;
bathroom,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), kitchen, interior walls are not required by
the design and construction of Figure cement mortar, stucco, living room,
bedroom interior wall paint the walls with mortar combined with the poor, not
dense part of the north of the external walls of
masonry,[ヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), wall seepage; the indoor wall sun
angle fails Standard Atlas do cement mortar retaining angle; part of the
bathroom, the kitchen floor is not made in conformity with the requirements of
design drawings all around waterproof concrete anti-Liang or construction is
not in place. Submissions analysis column reads: reinforced protective layer
thickness of the building is part of the floor does not meet regulatory
requirements, will affect the durability of the structure, even a security
risk, you should do the necessary technical processing. Reach the design
requirements of the building slab thickness, reinforcement processing.
Building part of the wall foregoing many construction defects, although not a
direct result of the overall structure of the security issues,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), but it
will affect the normal use, must be carried out rectification to eliminate
defects. Submissions inscribed in this June 26, 2011,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), two professors (a national
registered structural engineer) and a Senior Engineer (National registered
consulting engineer) signature. The Jiyang property: interested in the problem
of housing refurbishment Xinyu City the Jiyang real estate development company
Manager Hu said they will issue housing refurbishment, but the owners have
raised to 300 yuan / square meter compensation program, the construction unit
do not agree. The Xinyu City Quality Supervision Bureau Zouke Zhang Initially
we identified the housing problem, and this is something we have done many
times coordination, but the developers and owners think that our limited
powers and techniques on the forensic department of the province to identify
the houses, from the identification of the submissions point of view that
housing is a problem. Zouke Zhang said, I heard that the developers and owners
also coordinating. (Text / Chart reporter paint Yumei)

Related articles:

  * [but according to records provided by the public security](http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-add-more-profile-fields-in-elgg-1-8/ "http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-add-more-profile-fields-in-elgg-1-8/" )
  * [assume that gold nautical district Changjiang North Road](http://tieluju.net/showtopic-61284.aspx "http://tieluju.net/showtopic-61284.aspx" )
  * [Bacillus thuringiensis last public event](http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-disable-error-logs-in-elgg-1-8/ "http://blog.arvixe.com/how-to-disable-error-logs-in-elgg-1-8/" )


##  to go and deal with the people around." Jing said. 80

's tears and the rain has blended a. "Are not allowed to come over, you then
move closer, I'll jump!" Girl opportunistic the police and Xieqin bridge,
issued a cry coercion shout. Last resort, Deng Hongbing and Xieqin of only
immediately stood still, for fear of a slight action will stimulate the the
emotional runaway girl, big mistake. "Do not worry, you do as what we listen
to you. Impulse like you do not!" Under the bridge Wang Jing comfort girls ---
in fact, he is in drag time, waiting for the fire officers and men to carry
life-saving pad came. At the same time, the girl is more and more
irritable,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), who ignores Wang Jing, but the
phone is dropped from a height, hit the ground, broken into cloves; thus her
backhand withhold guardrail and down the legs to move outside of the deck, it
seems mind was absolutely ready to jump off the. Wang Jing see in the eyes,
while continuing to console the tune while quietly near the girl might jump
the bridge placement position. 1:35 then people Jing do not want to see, but
the jump bridge eventually happened, and came very suddenly. Propaganda no
farewell, no panic screaming, Wang Jing even a second action before the girls
jump bridge languages ​​can not remember, the girl suddenly flew down from the
head of Wang Jing, and sideways down --- this time lifesaving pads have not
arrived at the scene, only the cold rain and stiff manner! "Fight to catch!"
Wang Jing subconsciously secretly shouting loudly, rousing himself. Wang
Jing's right foot, one small step syncline above 45 degrees, then quickly
stretched out his hands over his head, in a pair of hands come into contact
with the girl sideways somatic instant, decisive closing the hand and abdomen,
homeopathic vent force girls embrace into her arms, as if clinging to a volley
over the oversized football. impact too, the place stood the certainly hug
instability, I fell to the ground must also homeopathic buffer! "Wang Jing
later recalled,[polo ralph
lauren](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), he decisively the previous
virtual step towards a retracement of the right
foot,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), turn down after knees, holding the girl to the ground and rolled away
...... miracle occurred --- Wang Jing holding the girl fell to the ground,
rolled on the ground after the semi-circle, then both independent station:
Wang Jing trauma, move freely; girls only leg minor abrasions, sane,[mercurial
vapor pas cher](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), still excited to Xunsimihuo
the. Shortly thereafter, Jing Wang and colleagues came to the girl under
control to avoid continued self-mutilation, and then bring it to the weight
attached to a hospital, diagnosed by CT examination of the head, torso, limbs
and no injuries. Informed Wang Jing bare hands to catch the girl, the two
unharmed things, emergency personnel with a sigh "miracle"! 2:00 investigating
health care process,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), the girl still emotional refused
Dali Wang Jing et al inquiry. Wang Jing suddenly remembered the girl was
thrown from the bridge and a cell phone,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), and therefore returned to
the scene to remove the phone from the smash phone card inserted into the
phone, looking for clues, and finally found the girl father's phone. 5:00, the
girl's father, Zhang Qiang (pseudonym), mother Cheng Ping (a pseudonym), and
aunt, cousin,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), and others, was home from
Jiangjin arrived to teach. Informed Wang Jing Zhang was the 17-year-old
daughter (a pseudonym), "help a pick", Zhang Qiang and Cheng Ping feel
grateful. Zhang Qiang Cheng Ping said, they are the Jiangjin people, Zhang was
6 years old, divorced. Zhang Chengping day living and Cheng Ping, Zhang Qiang
sometimes back home. Reason to commit suicide for the daughter, both parents
are unclear. Cheng Ping said that her daughter had been to persuade and hope
their parents will remarry, but apparently unrealistic, it was suspected that
her daughter has been the knot. Daughter left home on the afternoon of the
9th, she thought her daughter to her ex-husband home, but also not too
concerned about who knows her daughter sudden, this thing. Zhang Qiang frank
their usual concern, regret and daughter neglect. The two also said, I do not
know whether her daughter to commit suicide with their own emotions. In any
case, they will learn a lesson, be sure to give her daughter a little more
warmth, more of a concern. The girl contact Jing when the impact force of
about 440 kg physics acceleration due to gravity is calculated as f = mv / t;
v = the square root of 2gh. Where, m is the
mass,[jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), i.e. the girl's weight of 40 kg;
instantaneous velocity v represents the time of contact; t represents
instantaneous exposure time of about 0.1 seconds; g is a constant 9.8; H is
the height from the ground, i.e. 6 m. Zhang was falling instantaneous velocity
v of about 11 m / sec can be estimated according to the formula. Then, Wang
Jing contact and took over when Zhang was an instant impact for 4400 cattle,
that is about 440 kg of objects hit Wang Jing's arm. Each step and links are
just right yesterday, only by family members of a special trip
Acknowledgements informed police Jing amazing one pick "deeds, Yuzhong police
leadership deliberately to visit condolences Jing and suicide girl Zhang was.
Understand the rescue dispose of the whole process, leading Reviews: less than
10 minutes of the whole process, and danger difficulty heavily Jing Wang and
colleagues treated each step and links are just right. First, it was the jump
bridge life-threatening, Wang Jing et al decisive "handed over" minor
disputes, rushed to the scene in the shortest distance is the shortest time,
maximize winning time for the rescue of life --- this is a correct assessment
of the situation in full. Second, in terms of manpower shortage, no
reinforcements came, Wang Jing et al Heli division of work, the first time to
complete the road closure control, persuade and other rescue work, not only
for a time effective to stabilize the suicide woman, and also managed to avoid
the stimulation of the accident and other secondary accidents --- This is the
tactical ability. Catch suicide woman moments after the hospital, Wang Jing,
courageous and prudent, fully reflects the overall quality of the police. The
Traffic Patrol Jing Why can bare hands to save people Does he have any
"special abilities" Chongqing Evening News reporter intern Zhu Xin Qin Yang
Fan photo coverage Li Ya Xi the Chongqing Evening cartographic Guo Juan
yesterday, the sun handsome 80 Traffic Patrol Wang Jing, a successful catch
weight of over 40 kg girl jumped from the nearly six-meter-high flyover Zhang
was and they are safe. Wang Jing's life-saving one then, what
Yesterday,[mercurial](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), the Chongqing Evening News
reporter approached Wang Jing, multiple roles in this growth process
"Chongqing handsome Traffic Patrol Secret to you. Chongqing Evening News
reporter intern Zhu Xin Qin Yang Fan Li Ya Xi photography then reported the
role of a skills --- confident football goalkeeper Wang Jing Zhang was thought
that the former Soviet Union, an ordinary record football goalkeeper. His
ordinary even not in football left their own name, but his most legendary
fighting is the conditioned reflex camel catch a shadow falling from a tall
building --- the shadow turned out to be a baby! "Wang Jing has been able to
talk about the legendary goalkeeper only veteran fans only know this story,
because from the police before he was a football goalkeeper. The 31-year-old
Wang Jing Yongchuan, Yongchuan Xuan flowers secondary schools,[マーキュリアル
ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), and
has served as a school team goalkeeper. "It is when the foundation of the
goalkeeper, in bridge then girls, I was particularly confident." Wang Jing
honestly say that he knew the story of Hangzhou, the most beautiful mother ",
but the rescue when he simply did not think "the most beautiful mother, but
who the legendary goalkeeper of the former Soviet Union. "It makes me very
excited, body movement cells are mobilized, and also strengthened the
confidence of my success to catch the girl." Said Wang Jing, he was the first
observation of the terrain, at any time to the tune followed by placement,
then Qingshuyuanbi with a neat ball + floor protection action, the girl
successfully catch. Role courage --- Almighty crucial SWAT light superb
fighting skills are not enough, indispensable to save people's physical and
mental qualities --- to know the weight of 40 kg free fall from a height of 6
meters powerful impact sufficient to cause the average person disability or
even death. Wang Jing graduated from Chongqing Police Vocational School
experienced police, Chongqing SWAT. Wang Jing five years from the
police,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), special police corps (and its
predecessor, the riot squad) specializes in shooting and overall ability to
fully participate in all the police shooting skills competition was fourth
pentathlon athletics participate in the entire police force was first. In
addition, he was a member of the SWAT teams "to tackle assault group" involved
in several major emergency at the sudden event, and several times on behalf of
the the Chongqing Police Department go out to the competition, and won
numerous awards. "My physical and mental qualities, that is, when the SWAT
team out of practice." Said Wang Jing, armed off-road obstacle climbing, high-
altitude cable down like Less, pull-ups, push-ups, sit-ups are commonplace.
"Thank the devil training, made me a better physical and mental qualities, let
me remain sober even in times of crisis." Role 3 wisdom --- Unfortunately
peacekeeping soldiers let Wang Jingxin comfort in the rescue process, he
mastered the tactical training of peacekeeping literacy and disposal of
experience was of great help. Wang Jing leadership: his decisiveness and
disposal are just right, and was led to this successful rescue; astray, are
likely to lead to tragedy. "It turned out that Wang Jing was actually a quasi-
peacekeeping soldiers. This quasi-word is his biggest regret since. In 2004,
after three years from the police in the special police corps, Wang Jing
through layers of selection, as a the peacekeeping reserve officer stationed
in Hebei Langfang Armed Police base. Once through the last expedition, he will
go to the Haiti peacekeeping mission. However, through all tactical exercises,
skill visits, Wang Jing but fell in the final examination Off --- he was
diagnosed cardiac abnormalities were eliminated, which makes him regret so
far. "The rescue of the whole process is less than 10 minutes, Wang Jing led a
small team of four people, in the sealed off negotiations, rescue and
afterwards to the hospital, tracing and many other aspects are handled exactly
right, which shows the king static tactical ability and collaboration
capabilities. "related to the leadership said. Role cordial --- Sunshine PFP
police bid farewell SWAT career, Wang Jing transferred Yuzhong District
traffic police detachment in Linjiangmen station "mountain first post. 1.75 m
tall, fit and muscular, tall stature, SWAT quality, coupled with the sunshine
smile on his handsome face and innate, Wang Jing is not only strikingly
handsome, but also the star of the traffic police team. He once recommended to
candidates Crest Smile Ambassador, good image quality, the last finals could
not attend due to work reasons. Moreover, when the city shooting SWAT
documentary "Fortress Flying Tigers" extraordinary skill, the mirror image
Wang Jing, is a film. "Actually,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), I prefer to smile, to go and deal with the
people around." Jing said. 80, Wang Jing no lack of fashion and humor --- in
his QQ space album, a photo shows him wearing sunglasses, armed, riding on a
new Traffic Patrol motorcycle looks cool , but his photo shows "I and my
little donkey" really hilarious! Face of many colleagues ridicule him "then
fame, handsome according to flying, will usher in a number of suitors, he
blushed, with a tidal word:" I 'pseudo-single'. "

Related articles:

  * [addition](http://610wy.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=33685 "http://610wy.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=33685" )
  * ["comes to life in Chongqing](http://literarydish.com/2011/10/30/holly-robinson-peete-dresses-up-as-lil-wayne-and-posts-letter-to-fans-of-the-talk-lil-wayne-in-vibe/ "http://literarydish.com/2011/10/30/holly-robinson-peete-dresses-up-as-lil-wayne-and-posts-letter-to-fans-of-the-talk-lil-wayne-in-vibe/" )
  * [wash your face](http://albertaonlinelearning.com/wordtoo/blog1.php/2010/06/19/extended-post#comments "http://albertaonlinelearning.com/wordtoo/blog1.php/2010/06/19/extended-post#comments" )


##  Liwan District Guangfu Zhong 286 Guangfu Building

's body,[ルイヴィトン](http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com
"http://www.jplouisvuittonstore.com" ), was the scene of 120 ambulances rushed
to a nearby hospital. 17:40 or so, more than 20 households are trapped on the
top floor, 28th floor,[ラルフローレン](http://www.poloralphsjp.com
"http://www.poloralphsjp.com" ), also successful landing. Reporter saw the
scene,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), these trapped senior households
for the children and nannies,[マーキュリアル ヴェイパー](http://www.socceritemshop.com
"http://www.socceritemshop.com" ), including a pair of twins live in the 21st
floor. Kai Fong told reporters: "Fortunately, weekdays fire,[chaussures de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), most of the people are not
at home, if it is the weekend, I really do not know how many people will be
trapped." The complaints fire hazard year left unattended from last year of
our owners The month began to reflect on this building there are fire hazard,
but did not care for us, really on fire now, whom should I be responsible for
"said Mr. Hung emotional Guangfu Building, 18th Floor, told reporters. Mr.
Hung said, near a good several large glasses city,[polo ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), from the area of ​​Wenzhou,
Zhejiang boss bought the the retrocession building units do warehouse Guangfu
Building, known as "the warehouse floor. Mr. Hong told reporters that since he
moved in 2005 from the Guangfu Building, they found dozens of households units
as a warehouse. Last May, Mr. Hung and many owners do reflect the situation
together Hualin Street, but the street staff to "the other side has to buy
commercial housing, whether for residence or for debris piled streets do right
to interfere refused the request of a number of owners of the requirements of
the building to carry out remediation. In addition, Mr. Hung added,[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com
"http://www.poloralphlaurensboutiquefrance.com" ), often carry cargo, Guangfu
Building elevator is old and broken,[chaussure de
foot](http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com
"http://www.francechaussuresdefootboutique.com" ), and safe escape routes
filled with all kinds of debris and goods. "Living here is really
unsafe,[mercurial](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), but the RC and the street is
never positive response we reflect," Mr. Hung said. Four hours to extinguish
the fire no casualties around 18:00 Guangfu Building,[mercurial vapor pas
cher](http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr
"http://frchaussuredefootball.webnode.fr" ), the fire was completely
extinguished. 18:04 Canton Fire release micro-Bo said:
13:40,[マーキュリアル](http://www.socceritemshop.com "http://www.socceritemshop.com"
), Liwan District Guangfu Zhong 286 Guangfu Building,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com
"http://www.airjordanpaschereenligne.com" ), 13th Floor fire burned an area of
​​about 70 square meters. 119 command center immediately after the alarm call
up 22 fire engines , about 120 commanders and soldiers rushed to the scene
disposal. evacuation of stranded people over 90, the youngest-year-old seven-
month search and rescue of a four-month-old trapped children, and on the 14th
floor, basically put out the fire around 17:00, the current site without
casualties, the cause of the fire is under investigation. "

Related articles:

  * [there is a pool of blood](http://www.o-talk.com/HOME/HK/viewthread.php?tid=536770&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1 "http://www.o-talk.com/HOME/HK/viewthread.php?tid=536770&extra=page%3D1&frombbs=1" )
  * [public sales of such goods](http://www.chinalan.cn/plus/view.php?aid=34377 "http://www.chinalan.cn/plus/view.php?aid=34377" )
  * [fetal production in the toilet. At this point](http://www.gametalks.cc/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=401415&extra= "http://www.gametalks.cc/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=401415&extra=" )

