# Designing a team webpage/Guide 2

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

There are many ways to design a web site. Some good, some really good, and
theres some that are just plain bad. To begin the design process however you
need space to do it in if you dont have it or think you cannot afford it think
again. Sevaa.com Hosting offers free hosting to any FIRST Robotics Team. For
free you can get yourteam.circuitrunners.com or for about $10 you can get
yourteam.com. Now that a space is covered, you can move on to what you need to
do with that space.

## Contents

  * 1 Overall Visual Appearance
  * 2 Navigation
  * 3 Content
    * 3.1 Info
      * 3.1.1 About FIRST
      * 3.1.2 About This Year's Game
      * 3.1.3 About Your Sponsors
      * 3.1.4 About Your Team
    * 3.2 News
    * 3.3 Pictures
  * 4 Communication  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
1 "Edit section: Overall Visual Appearance" )]

# [Overall Visual
Appearance](/index.php?title=Overall_Visual_Appearance&action=edit "Overall
Visual Appearance" )

First off you're thinking: what is it gonna be? The first thing you do is
browse the web look at some other team sites and look at some more sites if
you need some inspiration. However your team's website will be a
representation of your team, so keep it that way. While browsing you see a
flash site and think that it's neat, but flash sites are poor on content and
unfriendly to people in 56k land. So lay off the blacks and darks, they might
look cool, but trust me they are not. Try as much as possible to keep black
text on some light color like white. If you can't then don't worry just have
people test out the color setup. One last tip on overall appearance: make it
easily viewable in 800 x 600.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
2 "Edit section: Navigation" )]

# [Navigation](/index.php?title=Navigation&action=edit "Navigation" )

Keep the navigation setup as obvious as possible don't make it hard to read or
too small/big. Don't move the navigation to here or there. Also, use PHP and
CSS a few simple codes and your navigation page can be loaded on to each page
and it can all integrate nicely. This can cut down on maintenance time. IE. if
you were to add a new page you only change one file. PHP Will be covered in
another article.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
3 "Edit section: Content" )]

# [Content](/index.php?title=Content&action=edit "Content" )

Well to have an effective FIRST site you need content and you need it bad.
Below are the main things that FIRST judges on and what any good site needs.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
4 "Edit section: Info" )]

## [Info](/index.php?title=Info&action=edit "Info" )

This is really important. This will make or break your site and if done
properly your site can really help your team out in the long run.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
5 "Edit section: About FIRST" )]

### [About FIRST](/index.php?title=About_FIRST&action=edit "About FIRST" )

Well what is FIRST try not to give a text book answer here. FIRST has its own
site for that.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
6 "Edit section: About This Year's Game" )]

### [About This Year's
Game](/index.php?title=About_This_Year%27s_Game&action=edit "About This Year's
Game" )

Talk about this years game. Some images of the field and how your team
interprets the game.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
7 "Edit section: About Your Sponsors" )]

### [About Your Sponsors](/index.php?title=About_Your_Sponsors&action=edit
"About Your Sponsors" )

Thank your sponsors. Provide links to them and write something about how they
are an important part of making what your team does a reality.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
8 "Edit section: About Your Team" )]

### [About Your Team](/index.php?title=About_Your_Team&action=edit "About Your
Team" )

Talk about your team. Tell anything someone might want to know. Tell about
your awards and what they mean. I use the News portion to expand on info about
the team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
9 "Edit section: News" )]

## [News](/index.php?title=News&action=edit "News" )

For News one might think oh well who really wants to know what we do we tell
people at the meetings whats happening isn't that good enough? Well its not
good enough. Our News section has News Article that talk about major events
that our team has competed in or has archived. They are composed in the form
of a newspaper article and prove very effective at promoting team image, who
we are, and what we really do. There good at give anyone who visits a glimpse
into your team. Maybe a sponsor wants to check out your site and see whats up.
Well this lets them know.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
10 "Edit section: Pictures" )]

## [Pictures](/index.php?title=Pictures&action=edit "Pictures" )

Some kind of gallery. This is where to basically tell the story of your team
through pictures only.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit&section=
11 "Edit section: Communication" )]

# [Communication](/index.php?title=Communication&action=edit "Communication" )

Our website has a message board. Anyone can join it and we use it to announce
upcoming events as well as point out on a built-in calendar how thing will
happen. Its very effective and helpful. We have a team members only portion
and a regular portion. Why? because people visiting really don't need to sift
though posts that don't pertain to them. Its a waste of their time.

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Designing_a_team_webpag
e%2FGuide_2 "Special:Categories" ): [Webpages](/index.php/Category:Webpages
"Category:Webpages" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_2&oldid=60656)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 03:58, 28 May 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,433 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

