

# FIRSTwiki:Style guide

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * **Style guide**
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
  
_Note that this article attempts to explain the most important style
considerations. For a more detailed guide, a copy of the Chicago Manual of
Style or Strunk and White's The Elements of Style are excellent resources.
Also, [Wikipedia:Manual of
Style](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:Manual_of_Style
"wikipedia:wikipedia:Manual_of_Style" ), on which this article is based,
provides more information._

_The policy is currently evolving. See the [talk
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki talk:Style guide" )._

This **style guide** has the purpose of making things look alike. There are
many ways to do things, some equally good -- but if everyone writes according
to their own unique style, [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) will
become less professional, and lose any sense of continuity. Further, a
consistent style aids the reader in several ways, making it easier to read
articles and providing visual and textual clues to help identify certain
features. However, the following quote from the _Chicago Manual of Style_ is
worth mentioning:

    _Rules and regulations such as these, in the nature of the case, cannot be endowed with the fixity of rock-ribbed law. They are meant for the average case, and must be applied with a certain degree of elasticity._

In other words: rules are meant to be broken, **but** break them wisely.
Borrowing from
[Wikipedia](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:Manual_of_Style
"wikipedia:wikipedia:Manual_of_Style" ), bear in mind the following.

Clear, informative and unbiased writing is always more important than
presentation and formatting. Writers are **not** required to follow all or any
of these rules: the joy of wiki editing is that perfection is not required.
Other FIRSTwikians will refer to this manual when weeding, and pages will be
gradually made to conform with this guide.

Please see [FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one
edit a page" ) for information on how to use all the different forms of markup
â€” there is much more available than just **bold** or _italic_. This article
concentrates on when to use them, although the examples usually also show the
markup.

## Contents

  * 1 Tone
  * 2 Article Names
  * 3 Links
    * 3.1 Free links
      * 3.1.1 Wikipedia Links
      * 3.1.2 ChiefDelphi Links
    * 3.2 External links
  * 4 Headings
  * 5 Sections
    * 5.1 Introduction
    * 5.2 Lead section
    * 5.3 "See also" section
  * 6 Page 'Ownership'  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Tone" )]

## Tone

  * First (I, me) and second (you) person should almost never be used. When it seems appropriate to use "you", especially in a how-to, try using "one". 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Article Names" )]

## Article Names

The wiki follows [Wikipedia's naming
conventions](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:Naming_conventions
"wikipedia:wikipedia:Naming_conventions" ). To highlight the most important
considerations:

  * Spelled-out phrases are preferred to acronyms, unless the subject is almost exclusively known by the acronym. E.g., [Continuously variable transmissions](/index.php/Continuously_variable_transmissions "Continuously variable transmissions" ) as opposed to [CVT](/index.php/CVT "CVT" ), **but** [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) as opposed to [For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology](/index.php/For_Inspiration_and_Recognition_of_Science_and_Technology "For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology" ). 
  * The first letter of the first word should be capitalized, with subsequent letters in lower case. The exception is if the word is a proper noun. E.g., [Gracious professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious professionalism" ), **but** [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ). 
  * The correct names for _FIRST_ programs are: _FIRST_ Robotics Competition (FRC); _FIRST_ Tech Challenge (FTC); _FIRST_ LEGO League (FLL) and Junior _FIRST_ LEGO League (jFLL) 
  * If an article is written for a specific year, use the convention "General Title (year)". E.g., [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ) talks about what a robot controller is, in general, but [Robot Controller (2003)](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282003%29 "Robot Controller \(2003\)" ) talks about the 2003 version. **Note** that for team pages, the format is "[team number] in [year]". E.g., [45 in 2003](/index.php/45_in_2003 "45 in 2003" ). The exception is to avoid cryptic titles like "45 (2003)". 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Links" )]

## Links

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Free links" )]

### Free links

Linking is a very important part of the wiki, especially so-called "free
links" to other topics such as [[Programming the FRC]]. This is the way that
information is organized, and that new content is generated (by linking to
pages that don't yet exist). Linking is encouraged, but it should be done
reasonably. Link to any article that is relavent and useful to the article
being edited. However, don't over do it. Too many links in an article make it
confusing to read, and is just plain amateurish. Typically, only the first
occurence of a word should be linked to. Note that FIRSTwiki does not make
pages specific to certain dates, so these should not be made into links. Also,
follow the above naming conventions when creating links to non-existant
articles.

It is possible to create links with different names than the article. For
instance, [[Downloading a program|download]] displays as
[download](/index.php/Downloading_a_program "Downloading a program" ), but
links to the article [Downloading a program](/index.php/Downloading_a_program
"Downloading a program" ). When linking to non-existant articles, **search**
first to make sure that some other name isn't being used for the same content.
Also, never use "click here" as text for a link, since it conveys no
information to the reader.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Wikipedia Links" )]

#### Wikipedia Links

Free links can be made to [Wikipedia](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page
"wikipedia:Main_Page" ) via Wikipedia template links. The format is very
different, {{Wikipedia|name_of_wikipedia_page}}. This is a useful shorthand
and is preferred over full URLs. If you want something other than the name of
the page as the link text, use
{{Wikipedia2|name_of_wikipedia_page|displayed_title}}.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: ChiefDelphi Links" )]

#### ChiefDelphi Links

Free links can be made to [ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" )
via ChiefDelphi template links. The format is very
different,{{CD|path_to_chiefdelphi_page}}. This is a useful shorthand and is
preferred over full URLs. The path should not contain
`<http://www.chiefdelphi.com/>`. If you want something other than the name of
the page as the link text, use {{CD2|path|displayed_title}}.

ChiefDelphi threads may be directly linked to by using {{CDThread|thread_id}}.
To change the displayed text, use {{CDThread2|thread_id|text}}.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: External links" )]

### External links

FIRSTwiki is not a collection of links and articles with only links is highly
**discouraged**. However, it is often important to link to outside resources
-- especially [ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ),
[InnovationFIRST](/index.php/InnovationFIRST "InnovationFIRST" ), and
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ). The format for this is single brackets,
such as [http://usfirst.org FIRST homepage] that displays as [FIRST
homepage](http://usfirst.org "http://usfirst.org" ). Without any text after
the URL, the link appears as a footnote. For instance, [http://usfirst.org]
displays as [[1]](http://usfirst.org "http://usfirst.org" ).

Please note that in most cases, external links should be placed at the **end**
of an article, typically under the heading Resources. This is formed like
this:

==Resources==  
*[http://  
*[http://  

Also, if the link is to a non-HTML file, it is good practice to include the
file type in parentheses as well as the size for larger files. E.g., [IFI
Loader
v1.0.7](http://innovationfirst.com/FIRSTRobotics/pdfs/IFI_Loader_1.0.7.zip
"http://innovationfirst.com/FIRSTRobotics/pdfs/IFI_Loader_1.0.7.zip" ) (zip,
4.1 Mb). Note, that when at all possible, it is preferred to link to an HTML
page describing a document, rather than the non-HTML document itself. This is
out of courtesy, and has other benefits as well.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Headings" )]

## Headings

To create headings, use the == style markup, not ''' (bold). E.g., ==This is a
heading. No blank line is needed after the heading, and, in fact, a blank line
should not be used. Headings help readers logically break up an article, and
words in headings are given greater weight in searches. Some general
guidelines include,

  * Capitalize the first word and any proper nouns in headings, but leave the rest lower case. 
  * Avoid links within headings. Depending on settings, some users may not see them clearly. It is much better to put the appropriate link in the first sentence under the header. 
  * Overuse of sub-headings should be avoided, as it can make the article look cluttered. Short paragraphs and single sentences generally do not warrant their own sub-heading. 
  * In circumstances where there is not enough text to justify a sub-heading, it may be preferable to use **bolded** text or bullet points within a section instead of using sub-headings. 

For more information, see [Wikipedia:Manual of Style (headings)](http://www.wi
kipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style_%28headings%29
"wikipedia:Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style_\(headings\)" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Sections" )]

## Sections

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Introduction" )]

### Introduction

All articles should have the title or subject in **bold**. The title or
subject can almost always be made part of the first sentence, but some
articles simply have names. E.g.,

  * **Programming** is an integral part of building a [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ). 
  * The **default code** provides pre-programmed functionality to the [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ). 

If necessary, make the context clear. E.g.,

  * In [programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ), the **XOR** operation ... 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Lead section" )]

### Lead section

The lead section comes before the main article, and when the article has a
table of contents, comes before it. It should provide a general introduction
to the subject for someone who is unfamiliar with the material. The length
depends on the specific article, but in general it should only be a paragraph
or two at most.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: "See also" section" )]

### "See also" section

For short articles that don't have headings, references to articles that have
not been linked are handled by _See also:_.

    ''See also:'' [[Resources for C programming]], [[MPLAB]], [[PIC C]] 

will produce,

    _See also:_ [Resources for C programming](/index.php/Resources_for_C_programming "Resources for C programming" ), [MPLAB](/index.php/MPLAB "MPLAB" ), [PIC C](/index.php/PIC_C "PIC C" )

For longer articles with headers, the _see also_ section might be applied to a
particular section. Also, it might be given its own header, and alternative
formats such as **Related topics** or **Related articles** (as headers) are
valid.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Style_guide&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: Page 'Ownership'" )]

## Page 'Ownership'

The only page any given user 'owns' (if that were applicable in a wiki) is
his/her User page and its subpages. Using
[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) as an example,
he only has exclusive control over the page
[User:Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) (and its
subpages). If there were a page [Martin
Pyne](/index.php?title=Martin_Pyne&action=edit "Martin Pyne" ), he would have
no more authority over it than any other user. This also aplies to
unregistered contributers, except their 'user' page may be used by someone
else who had/will have the same IP address.

