

# FIRSTwiki:Community portal

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

****Community Portal****

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
[Welcome](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" ) to
the [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) **Community Portal**, the
[FIRST MetaWiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Meta_pages "FIRSTwiki:Meta pages" ) hub!
The wiki seeks to create an open-content encyclopedia for all things
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" )-related.

## Get involved

Since [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) is always a work-in-
progress, there are many things for you to work on:

  * **[Stubs](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Find_and_fix_stubs "FIRSTwiki:Find and fix stubs" )**: [Robot Controller (2004)](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282004%29 "Robot Controller \(2004\)" ), [Operator Interface (2004)](/index.php?title=Operator_Interface_%282004%29&action=edit "Operator Interface \(2004\)" ), [Fabrication](/index.php/Fabrication "Fabrication" ) ...[more](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Special:Whatlinkshere&target=Template%3AStub "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Special:Whatlinkshere&target=Template%3AStub" )
  * **[Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )**: [Awards](/index.php/Awards "Awards" ), [Programming the Robot Controller](/index.php/Programming_the_Robot_Controller "Programming the Robot Controller" ), [Fundraising](/index.php/Fundraising "Fundraising" ) ... [more](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * **[Requested articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles "FIRSTwiki:Requested articles" )**: [Chairman's Award writing](/index.php?title=Chairman%27s_Award_writing&action=edit "Chairman's Award writing" ), [Mentoring](/index.php?title=Mentoring&action=edit "Mentoring" ), [Community involvement](/index.php?title=Community_involvement&action=edit "Community involvement" ) ... [more](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles "FIRSTwiki:Requested articles" )
  * **[Requests for expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for expansion" )**: [Team Info](/index.php/Team_Info "Team Info" ), [Website Design Award](/index.php/Website_Design_Award "Website Design Award" ), [Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers Entrepreneurship Award](/index.php/Kleiner_Perkins_Caufield_%26_Byers_Entrepreneurship_Award "Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award" ) ... [more](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for expansion" )

You can also help by fixing pages with other problems at [FIRSTwiki:Pages that
need maintainace](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Pages_that_need_maintainace
"FIRSTwiki:Pages that need maintainace" ).

See [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute
"FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" ) for more ideas on how to **get involved**.
Also, check out [Featured article
candidates](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates
"FIRSTwiki:Featured article candidates" ).

  

## Writing/Reference Resources

### Policies and conventions

[Overview of policies](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines
"FIRSTwiki:Policies and guidelines" ) -
[Copyright](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Copyrights "FIRSTwiki:Copyrights" ) - [Manual
of Style](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" ) -
[FIRSTwiki etiquette](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Etiquette&action=edit
"FIRSTwiki:Etiquette" ) - [Be
bold!](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Be_bold_in_updating_pages
"wikipedia:Be_bold_in_updating_pages" ) but [Stay
cool!](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Staying_cool_when_the_editing_gets_hot
"wikipedia:Staying_cool_when_the_editing_gets_hot" ) - [Arbitration
policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" ) - [Guide
for administrators](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators
"FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )

### Resources

[Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" ) - [Special
pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages "Special:Specialpages" ) - [Requested
articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles "FIRSTwiki:Requested
articles" ) - [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute
"FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" ) - [How to
contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does
one edit a page" ) - **[Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats
"FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )** - [Village
pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" ) -
[Roadmap](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Roadmap "FIRSTwiki:Roadmap" ) - [FIRSTwiki
Templates](/index.php/Category:Templates "Category:Templates" ) - [Uneditable
Articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Uneditable_Articles "FIRSTwiki:Uneditable
Articles" )  
  
---  
  
## About FIRSTwiki

### New user information

[Welcome!](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" ) -
[FAQ Home](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" ) -
[Sandbox](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Sandbox "FIRSTwiki:Sandbox" ) -
[Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" ) - [About
FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )

### FIRSTwiki highlights

[Featured articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_articles "FIRSTwiki:Featured
articles" ) - [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements
"FIRSTwiki:Announcements" ) - [Stats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Statistics
"FIRSTwiki:Statistics" )

### Common procedures

[**Featuring** an article](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates
"FIRSTwiki:Featured article candidates" ) - [Moving a
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_to_move_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How to move a page" )
- [Deleting a page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Deletion_requests "FIRSTwiki:Deletion
requests" ) - [Administrator
nominations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Nominations_for_adminship
"FIRSTwiki:Nominations for adminship" )  
  
