As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Rais
ing_the_Bar&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy
:_Raising_the_Bar&action=edit" )** this article.  
  
---|---  
Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 **FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar**
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

**FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar** was the 2004 [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) [game](/index.php/Game "Game" ). 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&action=edit&section=1
"Edit section: Field Layout" )]

## Field Layout

The field for the 2004 game was 48 feet by 24 feet in area and consisted of a
carpet bounded by walls, 7 feet in height, on the two sides where the drivers
and human player stood at their alliance stations, and a guardrail system on
the other sides. The guardrail was a horizontal pipe 20 inches high with
vertical supports. The walls consisted of a 3-foot diamond-plate base and a
4-foot transparent top.

In the center of the deck, at dead center and 12 inches off the ground, holds
the bar - made of steel pipe, it extends 10 feet upwards from the carpet. The
lower decks, one in front and one behind the upper deck (as seen by the
driver), were hexagons that each contained a stationary octagonal goal 28
inches in diameter made of PVC pipe which was 8 feet tall in the back and 6
feet tall in the front.

Two mobile goals, four feet in height, were also on the field, originally
found on either side of the center.

[![Galileo Field From Above](/media/thumb/b/b0/Ffabove.jpg/180px-
Ffabove.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Ffabove.jpg "Galileo Field From Above" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Ffabove.jpg "Enlarge" )

Galileo Field From Above

On the sides of the field midway between each alliance station, there were two
ball tee stations, each containing two tees with Bonus Balls on them. On the
top of each tee's frame was an infrared beacon that robots with infrared
sensors could detect. A line of white tape led from the robots' starting
position to the ball tees.

On top of each alliance station was a container with eighteen Small Balls in
it at the beginning of the match that would release the Small Balls onto the
field at the appropriate time.

In each corner of the playing field there was a two-foot-wide gap in the wall
separating the field from the alliance stations (known as the Ball Chute) so
that robots could pass Small Balls to the human players.

Each alliance stations contained areas for two teams. Each team area contained
a Ball Corral in front of their Ball Chute with two crossbars on the front and
sides. At the beginning of each match, three Small Balls were placed on the
front crossbar for each team.

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenz
y:_Raising_the_Bar&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST
_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&action=edit" ) to make a significant article. _See
more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_Frenzy%3A_Raisi
ng_the_Bar "Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need to be
formatted](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_to_be_formatted
"Category:Articles that need to be formatted" ) | [FRC
Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games "Category:FRC Games" ) | [Featured
articles](/index.php/Category:Featured_articles "Category:Featured articles" )
| [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar&oldid=67712)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 15:55, 24 April 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 18,088 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

