As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 4

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Team Element  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/thumb/1/1c/Team4logo.jpg/150px-
Team4logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Team4logo.jpg "Team logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 2004  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Lake Balboa, California  
School: | High Tech- Los Angeles  
Approx. size: | 55  
Team Website: | <http://www.team4element.com>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/4 "http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/4"
) · [TBA page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/4
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/4" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc4
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc4" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 Mission Statement
    * 1.2 Recent History
    * 1.3 Team Purpose
    * 1.4 Volunteering
    * 1.5 Frequently Asked Questions
  * 2 Robots
    * 2.1 2008 Robot
  * 3 Team projects
  * 4 Events
  * 5 Accomplishments
  * 6 Sponsors
  * 7 Members List
    * 7.1 Current
    * 7.2 Alumni
    * 7.3 Mentors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: History" )]

##  History

Team 4 Element is composed of students who attend HighTech-LA, located in Lake
Balboa, California.

Team 4 ELEMENT was created when mentor Wendy Wooten of Team 22, Double Deuce,
moved from Chatsworth High school to High Tech LA. We started as a rookie team
with a very small number of members, but a large amount of drive. The team has
grown in a few short years to a peak of 60 members, many of whom will to go on
to pursue careers in engineering, math, and science. Since becoming High Tech
LA’s Team 4 ELEMENT, we have won the following competitions: 2005 Silicon
Valley Regional, 2006 Southern California Regional, and the 2007 Los Angeles
Regional. These were great accomplishments because it showed that although we
were a rookie team, we had the drive and dedication to make the most out of
what we had. In the past, we have hosted a team from Canada, and have helped a
number of other teams prepare for competitions. In the FIRST Robotics League,
we are friends with our competitors and competitive with our friends, a
practice embodied in the ideals of “Gracious Professionalism.”

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Mission
Statement" )]

###  Mission Statement

Our mission as a team is to inspire others through FIRST (For Inspiration and
Recognition of Science and Technology) and its program. We encourage our
members to get involved in new and innovative ways to learn math and science
and try to build their interests in types of engineering. Besides those
aspects, we also believe that members of our robotics team don’t have to
necessarily be interested in engineering to be a part of our team. We have
created different divisions in our team ranging from machining, to finances,
to team designs. Through this, we have sparked an interest throughout all of
our members whether they prefer to become the main webmaster of the team
website, to becoming a main machinist for our robot during build season.

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: Recent
History" )]

###  Recent History

Last year, Team 4 attended the Los Angeles Regional, Las Vegas Regional and
Atlanta World Championship. Throughout the year, we worked hard on improving
our teams’ skills and building a successful robot.

Every year we start out with recruiting new members, and informing the
students at our school and in our community about the FIRST program. We cover
what FIRST is and what being part of it entails. We introduce the various
departments of participation, such as machining, electronics, programming,
team identity, design, and finance. Then, we train the new members in the
field or fields they are interested in. Once build season starts, the team
works together to build a robot. We have six weeks to build a competitive
robot, and then we ship it off for competition. Last year, our team had a
fully functioning robot when we shipped it off. Throughout the year, we worked
hard on getting more people interested and active in the robotics community by
volunteering our time at non-profit organizations, thus helping to spread the
FIRST message.

Robotics does not end once the school year is finished. Over the summer we
held a number of team meetings and clean-up days where we planned events for
the upcoming season and prepared our facilities for action. This summer, the
Biller Family Foundation generously funded a two-day lesson where many
robotics team members were able to teach the incoming freshmen different
science and technology topics. We taught about the importance of waste
removal, by teaching them how to build robots to remove the waste. Next we
taught the importance of solar power following an exercise where they
prototyped, designed and fabricated their own solar vehicle to compete in a
competition. Finally, we taught about design, engineering, and construction
skills by starting off the lesson teaching them about trebuchets. In the end,
we had accomplished our goal by helping many experience first hand the FIRST
message.

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Team Purpose"
)]

###  Team Purpose

Robotics at High Tech-LA helps teens develop skills that they can use in
furthering their education and future careers. Our team members learn about
responsibility, leadership, teamwork, and the importance of community
outreach. We do this through learning about each different aspect of FIRST.
FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) is an
organization that is not only focused on building robots, but emphasizes the
importance of helping the community and the world. One of the ways they
articulate this message is through the Chairman’s Award, which is the most
prestigious award a team can win. The Chairman’s Award is given to the team
that best exemplifies community ethics and gracious professionalism in doing
deeds such as volunteering and assisting other teams. Through generous
contributions from our sponsors and families, we have been able to build
robots, attend competitions all over the United States and even some abroad,
and help students further their interest in engineering and the sciences. We
(Team 4 Element) stand for Engineering, Leadership, Education, Mentoring,
Entrepreneurship, Networking, and Teamwork. And we are truly “Igniting the
flames of Passion.”

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Volunteering"
)]

###  Volunteering

Besides attempting to leave a lasting influence on our members current and
alumni, we also aim at making an influence on the community. We believe in
helping out the community, and whenever given the chance, we do step up and
volunteer to help make a difference. Our team has spent countless hours
volunteering at the local Farmer’s Market, old-age home and child day care. In
addition, many of our members have volunteered at robotics related events such
as the VEX Competition, Fall Classic and Las Vegas Regional.

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: Frequently
Asked Questions" )]

###  Frequently Asked Questions

  * Why is the "rookie year" 2004? 

The reason why our rookie year is considered 2004 is because that is when HTLA
high school participated in FIRST as part of Team 22.

  * Why were they given the low number 4 when they started their new team? 

Being a part of Team 22 for years, it seemed illogical to be given a rookie
number and the retired team number 4 was assigned.

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Robots" )]

##  Robots

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: 2008 Robot" )]

###  2008 Robot

[![2008 Robot](/media/thumb/7/72/P1070257.JPG/600px-P1070257.JPG)](/index.php/
Image:P1070257.JPG "2008 Robot" )

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section: Team projects"
)]

##  Team projects

  * Our website [[1]](http://www.team4element.com "http://www.team4element.com" )
  * FRC [[2]](http://www.usfirst.org/community/frc/default.aspx?id=966 "http://www.usfirst.org/community/frc/default.aspx?id=966" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=10 "Edit section: Events" )]

##  Events

  * 2009 Los Angeles Regional (3/12/2009 - 3/14/2009) 
  * 2009 Colorado Regional (3/26/2009 - 3/28/2009) 
  * 2008 Las Vegas Regional (3/27/2008 - 3/29/2008) 
  * 2008 FIRST Championship (4/17/2008 - 4/19/2008) 
  * 2008 Los Angeles Regional (3/20/2008 - 3/22/2008) 
  * 2007 Los Angeles Regional (3/8/2007 - 3/10/2007) 
  * 2007 Las Vegas Regional (3/29/2007 - 3/31/2007) 
  * 2007 FIRST Championship (4/12/2007 - 4/14/2007) 
  * 2006 Southern California Regional (3/23/2006 - 3/25/2006) 
  * 2006 The Championship Event (4/27/2006 - 4/29/2006) 
  * 2006 Greater Toronto Regional (3/30/2006 - 4/1/2006) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=11 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

##  Accomplishments

  * 2005 [Silicon Valley Regional](/index.php/Silicon_Valley_Regional "Silicon Valley Regional" ) Champion 
  * 2005 [Los Angeles Regional](/index.php/Los_Angeles_Regional "Los Angeles Regional" ) Finalists 
  * 2006 [Los Angeles Regional](/index.php/Los_Angeles_Regional "Los Angeles Regional" ) Champion 
  * 2006 ON Judge's Award Day 1 
  * 2007 [Los Angeles Regional](/index.php/Los_Angeles_Regional "Los Angeles Regional" ) Champion 

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=12 "Edit section: Sponsors" )]

##  Sponsors

*** Major Company Sponsors**

  * The Carcannon Corp 
  * HighTech-LA 
  * Milken Family Foundation 
  * Roberts Tool Co. 
  * Cutting Edge Tool &amp; Supply 
  * Sawing Services Co. 
  * Metal Related Servies 

  
***Business Sponsors and Supporters**

  * ATK - Alliant Techsystems, Inc. 
  * Especially For You Designs, Inc. 
  * HTLA Staff 
  * HTLA Students 
  * Katie Morgan &amp; Family 
  * LA Color Studio 
  * LA Sparks 
  * Our Parents 
  * The George Family 
  * The Limbacher Family 
  * The Vaystub Family 

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=13 "Edit section: Members List"
)]

##  Members List

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=14 "Edit section: Current" )]

###  Current

  * Joseph A (Electronics) 
  * Tahsir A (Financial) 
  * Andres A (Electronics) 
  * April B (Electronics) 
  * Nick B (Machining) 
  * Ely B (Design) 
  * Morgan C (Programming) 
  * Hannah C (Design) 
  * Nathan C (Team Identity) 
  * Masha D (Head of Chairman's) 
  * Ricki E (CEO) 
  * Sigal E (Electronics) 
  * Adam G (Electronics) 
  * Rosa G (Machining) 
  * Jason G (Machining) 
  * Andreas G (Electronics) 
  * Faviana G (Machining) 
  * Devin G (Machining) 
  * Erick G (Machining) 
  * Colin H (Machining) 
  * Genova H (Team Idenity) 
  * Roxanna H (Head of Parent Communications) 
  * Ryder H (Machining) 
  * Gabriel H (Electronics) 
  * Jennifer H (Design) 
  * Marissa H (Machining) 
  * Samantha I (Head of Team Identity) 
  * Connor J (Electronics) 
  * Hunter J (Electronics) 
  * Kevin K (Programming) 
  * Joseph L (Programming) 
  * Jeffrey L (Electronics) 
  * Joanna L (Machining) 
  * Jesus M (Electronics) 
  * Julian M (Programming) 
  * Don N (Electronics) 
  * Emma O (Electronics) 
  * Victoria O (Electronics) 
  * Daniel O (Chairman's) 
  * Karan P (Financial) 
  * Jackson P (Electronics) 
  * Muhammed R (CFO) 
  * Jordan R (Electronics) 
  * Brian R (Design) 
  * Irvin R (Electronics) 
  * Todd R (COO) 
  * Tommy R (Progamming) 
  * Joshua S (Head of Design) 
  * Arthur S (Head of Programming) 
  * Adam S (Programming) 
  * Graham S (Programming) 
  * Spencer S (Machining) 
  * Nolan T (Electronics) 
  * Alyson W (Financial) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=15 "Edit section: Alumni" )]

###  Alumni

  * George Q (graduated 2006) 
  * Cynthia C (graduated 2006) 
  * Veronica S (graduated 2006) 
  * Guy C (Captain (2007) 
  * Rafi A (Co-captain, (2008)) 
  * Monica F (Team Identity Board, (2008)) 
  * Zach D (Machining Board, (2008)) 
  * John C (Finacial Board, (2008)) 
  * Ethan Z (Electrical Board, (2008)) 
  * Dylan H (Documentarian Board, (2007)) 
  * Mack F (Electrical, (2008)) 
  * Joseph D (Electrical, (2007)) 
  * Robert D (Machining, (2008)) 
  * Josh T (Machining, (2007)) 
  * Mike EK (Machining, (2008)) 
  * John B (Machining, (2008)) 
  * Daniel P (Electrical, (2008)) 
  * Greg S (Electrical, (2008)) 
  * Robin R (Machining, (2007)) 
  * Alejandra F (Electronics, (2007)) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=4&action=edit&section=16 "Edit section: Mentors" )]

###  Mentors

  * Katy Perkins 
  * Richard Loomis 
  * Katie Morgan 
  * Chris M 
  * Mackenzie F 
  * Jared D 
  * Monica F 
  * Guy C 
  * Zach D 
_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=4&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=4&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
