# Ken Patton

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Name: Ken Patton WFA Year: 1999 Years involved w/FIRST: 8 FIRST Team(s):
Huskie Brigade (0065) Role: Engineer Quote: “If it was easy, someone else
would do it.” Bio: Ken Patton has been involved with Team # 65, the Huskie
Brigade, since 1997. In 1999, he was awarded the Woodie Flowers Award for his
intense involvement in FIRST and his amazing skills as a team leader.

What was it like to win the WFA?: Being able to go up in front of thousands of
people giving you a standing [ovation] is pretty cool. It felt like they meant
it, and that was an exciting feeling. I realized after winning such a big
honor that there is some responsibility that goes along with it. You are now a
little more permanently attached to the FIRST community and you have to keep
up your efforts to build FIRST and support its goals. In fact, one of the
people up on the stage said something to me along the lines of “you have to
keep doing this, you know.” I know.

Favorite FIRST Memory: 1997\. Our first year, our first regional at Rutgers.
We were young, stupid, and innocent. Our team was very friendly, but with our
tough-looking camouflage pants and some pretty big students, we looked sort of
mean at times. Our operator didn’t smile too often, even though he was having
a blast. At the awards they were reading off the accomplishments of the Rookie
All-Star team, and right when they announced it, they started playing “Bad,
Bad Leroy Brown.” How fitting!

FIRST accomplishments: Our team has won a lot of awards, and it has always
been a team effort. I’m proud to say that we have put together several years
of great seasons, including how we interacted with other teams, how we
ourselves functioned as a team, and how our robots have performed. But one
accomplishment that is important to me is that our team has helped develop
some world-class leaders – students and adults. FIRST is hard, and anyone who
has a leadership role on a team gets tremendous experience in learning how to
lead. There should be an “L” in FIRST.

What are you up to these days?: The same old stuff. Winter = FIRST. Summer =
catching up. My wife and I are restoring a 105-year-old Victorian and that is
an endless job, but it’s rewarding to occasionally finish something. I crew on
a sailboat and I love sailboat racing – it has some of the same strategic and
tactical challenges that the FIRST game does. I haven’t been our team leader
since 1999, but I am up to my ears in our FIRST team as much as ever. Our team
leaders have a tough job having to listen to my ever-present opinion!

Advice to FIRST-ers: School is SO much more important than FIRST. If your
grades are suffering because of FIRST you should change something. People who
don’t know you (colleges and employers) will look at your resume and, whether
you like it or not, your grades will matter. You will have the rest of you
life to be on a FIRST team. Don’t feel bad if you have to cut back on FIRST in
order to get a good education.

What does mentoring mean to you?: Since my wife and I don’t have kids, I don’t
know what its like to be a parent. But having the chance to positively impact
the lives of people who will someday be running our country and our companies,
and passing along the important ideas of hard work, competitiveness, and
fairness, is the primary reason that I can justify my time spent on/in FIRST.

Ken’s accomplishments and contributions to this program have not gone
unnoticed. The FIRST community celebrates Ken's involvement and WFA Award in
1999.

  
[http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/wfa.php?action=honoreedetail&amp;id=8](http
://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/wfa.php?action=honoreedetail&id=8
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/wfa.php?action=honoreedetail&id=8" )

