As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 234

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Cyber Blue  
---  
[![Image:234_logo.jpg](/media/3/3c/234_logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:234_logo.jp
g "Image:234_logo.jpg" )  
Rookie Year: | 1999  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Indianapolis, IN, USA  
School: |  
Approx. size: | 40  
Team Website: | <http://www.cyberblue234.com/>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/234
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/234" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/234
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/234" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc234
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc234" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Team projects
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Accomplishments
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Members List  
---  
  

## History

Cyber Blue has been active as a FIRST Robotics team since 1999. Ever since
then, it has grown to be a nationally recognized team.


## Team projects

Cyber Blue Team 234 created the “FIRST International Partners” program in
2003,and the program has been growing since. In 2005, 14 teams were partnered
for the FIRST season.

Cyber Blue coordinates partnering US based teams with International teams that
might need help obtaining special materials (like game balls, plastic tubs,
spare parts, etc) and any other special needs (like travel planning, etc.).

The goal is to facilitate a bond between two teams that may be separated by
thousands of miles. Ideally, the teams would remain partnered for several
years, not just a season, and attend regionals together. Some teams have
arranged school tours, special dinners, sporting events and T-shirt exchanges.

Cyber Blue also mentors 3 Lego League Teams at the elementary level, 1 Lego
League Team at the 6th grade level, and 1 VEX team at Perry Meridian Middle
School.

Team 234 collects broken wheel chairs and medical equipment and use their
resources to repair and refurbish these items. The items are then donated to
the Timmy Foundation where they are sent to third world countries.

The team has a close relationship with their corporate sponsors with such
activities as Critical Design Reviews and Engineering support.

Cyber Blue co-hosts the Indiana Robotics Invitational with two other Indiana
teams. This is an off-season event where teams from all around the country
come to compete one last time with their robots. The draw to our event rivals
that of many FIRST regionals and has brought many of the top minds of FIRST to
Indianapolis.


## Robots

  * [2009 - Caroline](/index.php?title=Caroline&action=edit "Caroline" )
  * [2008 - Ritchie X](/index.php?title=Ritchie_X&action=edit "Ritchie X" )
  * [2007 - Henry IX](/index.php?title=Henry_IX&action=edit "Henry IX" )
  * [2006 - Henry VIII](/index.php?title=Henry_VIII&action=edit "Henry VIII" )
  * [2005 - Falcon VII](/index.php/Falcon_VII_%28234%29 "Falcon VII \(234\)" )
  * [2004 - Falcon VI](/index.php/Falcon_VI_%28234%29 "Falcon VI \(234\)" )
  * [2003 - Falcon V](/index.php?title=Falcon_V_%28234%29&action=edit "Falcon V \(234\)" )
  * [2002 - Beefshredder](/index.php?title=Beefshredder_%28234%29&action=edit "Beefshredder \(234\)" )
  * [2001 - Beefeater](/index.php?title=Beefeater_%28234%29&action=edit "Beefeater \(234\)" )
  * [2000 - Steel Falcon II](/index.php?title=Beefeater_%28234%29&action=edit "Beefeater \(234\)" )
  * [1999 - Steel Falcon](/index.php?title=Beefeater_%28234%29&action=edit "Beefeater \(234\)" )


## Accomplishments

**This Accomplishments section needs to be split into separate articles.**   
This section should be for a few Major accomplishments that deserve to be
highlighted.  
Additional accomplishments should be moved to the appropriate Team/Year page.
See [FIRSTwiki:Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page
formats" ) for more help.  
---  
  
2001

    
    
        - Motorola Midwest Regional 
            Regional Champions 
            Judges Award
        - NASA Kennedy Space Center
            Delphi Driving Tomorrows Technology Award
        - Championships 
            Delphi Driving Tomorrows Technology Award
    

2003

    
    
        - NASA/VCU Regional
            Website Award
        - Arizona Regional 
            Website Award
            Regional Chairmans Award
    

2004

    
    
        - Arizona Regional
            Website Award
            Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
        - Midwest Regional
            Regional Chairmans Award
    

2005

    
    
        - Flordia Regional
            Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
        - Boilermaker Regional
            Sportsmanship Award
    

2006

    
    
        - Arizona Regional
           Imagery Award
           Website Award
           Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
           Chris Fultz - Woodie Flowers
        - West Michigan Regional
           Website Award
        - Championships
           Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award 
    

2007

    
    
        - Boliermaker Regional
           Chris Fultz - Volunteer of the Year
           Brian Clegg - Purdue scholarship
           Website Award
           Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
           Regional Champions
           Regional Chairmans Award
        - SBPLI Long Island Regional
           General Motors Industrial Design Award
           Regional Champions
        - Championships
           Motorola Quality Award
    

2008

    
    
        - Boilermaker Regional
           Website Award
           Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
           Regional Chairmans Award
        - West Michigan Regional
           Website Award
           Rockwell Automation Innovation in Control Award
        - Championships
           Autodesk Inventor Award Winner
    

2009

    
    
        - Washington D.C. Regional
           Rockwell Automation Innovation in Control Award
           Regional Champions
           Regional Charmans Award
        - Boilermaker Regional
           Website Award
           Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Entrepreneurship Award
           Regional Finalists
        - Championships
           Autodesk Inventor Award Finalists
    


## Sponsors

Allison Transmission

Rolls-Royce Corporation

NASA

Indiana Department of Workforce Development

Morris Machine Co., Inc.

74 Proud Grandmas


## Members List

**Students 2009**

Lauren Anderson, James Bennie, Daniel Biehl, Jacob Bohanon, Brice Brenneman,
Neil Brenneman, Jamie Cartwright, Joseph Chastain, Megan Colwell, Matt Davis,
Matt Deal, Rachel Dupire, Maggie Eppelheimer, Kelli Fultz, Sam Gadbury, Will
Glant, Matt Goelz, Miranda Goelz, Adam Gough Marcus Hosler, Matthew Martin,
Jordan Mounts, Andy Nellis, Melissa Niceley, Ben Petry, Alan Raynes, Kaitlyn
Reed, James Roach, Victoria Roach, Corey Rohl, Amrit Singh, Corey Smith, Jared
Smith, Kathryn Smith, Brett Timmons, Amelia Todd, Bree Tonte, Phillip Welsh,
Chaia White

  

  
**Mentors 2009**

Lloyd Gough Lead Teacher Sponsor: Perry Meridian H.S.

Chris Fultz Lead Volunteer/Engineer: Rolls-Royce

Collin Fultz Design Engineer: Rolls-Royce

Lisa Fultz Communications Advisor: Perry Meridian H.S.

David Kelly Website Advisor: Rolls-Royce

Kevin Kelly Engineer: Allison Transmission

Mark Dobbs Electronics Engineer: Cinergy

Dane Rodgers Lead Engineer: Allison Transmission

Chad Eppelheimer Electronics Engineer: Raytheon

Steve Warner Programmer: Indianapolis Power and Light

Norm Chastain Engineer: MSD Perry Township

Bryan Reed Communications Advisor: Rolls-Royce

