As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# Main Page

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Main page](/index.php?title=Main_page&redirect=no "Main
page" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

|

[Welcome](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" ) to
[FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ),

a _[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" )_ encyclopedia that **[anyone can
edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one
edit a page" )**

[2,856](/index.php/Special:Statistics "Special:Statistics" ) articles
currently  
  
---  
  
  * [Sandbox](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Sandbox "FIRSTwiki:Sandbox" )
  * [Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_Portal "FIRSTwiki:Community Portal" )
|

  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )
  * [Requested articles page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles "FIRSTwiki:Requested articles" )
|

  * [Site decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village Pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )  
  
Browse FIRSTwiki by topic

On **[Teams](/index.php/Teams "Teams" )**  

  * [FIRST Robotics Teams](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Team "FIRST Robotics Team" ) by [number](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ) \- [region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of teams by region" ) \- [age](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_age "Index of teams by age" )  

  * [FIRST LEGO League Teams](/index.php/FIRST_LEGO_League_Team "FIRST LEGO League Team" ) by [name](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL teams" ) \- [location](/index.php/FLL_Teams_by_Location "FLL Teams by Location" ) \- [age](/index.php/FLL_Teams_by_Year_Founded "FLL Teams by Year Founded" )
  * [FIRST Tech Challenge Teams](/index.php/Team_%28FTC%29 "Team \(FTC\)" ) by [number](/index.php/Index_of_teams_%28FTC%29 "Index of teams \(FTC\)" ) \- [region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region_%28FTC%29 "Index of teams by region \(FTC\)" ) \- [age](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_age_%28FTC%29 "Index of teams by age \(FTC\)" )

[![](/media/thumb/3/30/FIRST_Logo.png/175px-
FIRST_Logo.png)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_Logo.png "" )

On **[Competitions](/index.php/Competitions "Competitions" )**  

  * **[FRC](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ): **[Regionals](/index.php/Index_of_Regionals "Index of Regionals" ) \- [Championship Event](/index.php/Championship_Event "Championship Event" ) \- [Off-Season](/index.php/Index_of_off-season_competitions "Index of off-season competitions" ) \- [Games](/index.php/Game_%28FRC%29 "Game \(FRC\)" ) \- [Awards](/index.php/Awards "Awards" )
  * **[FLL](/index.php/FIRST_LEGO_League "FIRST LEGO League" ): **[Events](/index.php/Category:FLL_Events "Category:FLL Events" ) \- [Challenges](/index.php/FLL_Challenges "FLL Challenges" ) \- [Awards](/index.php/FLL_Awards "FLL Awards" )
  * **[FTC](/index.php/FIRST_Tech_Challenge "FIRST Tech Challenge" ): **[Events](/index.php/Index_of_events_%28FTC%29 "Index of events \(FTC\)" ) \- [Games](/index.php/Game_%28FTC%29 "Game \(FTC\)" ) \- [Awards](/index.php/Awards_%28FTC%29 "Awards \(FTC\)" )

On **[Technical Topics](/index.php/Technical "Technical" )**  

  * [Kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ) ([FLL](/index.php/FLL_Robot_Set "FLL Robot Set" )) ([FTC](/index.php/Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29 "Kit of parts \(FTC\)" )) - [Motors](/index.php/Motors "Motors" ) \- [Pneumatics](/index.php/Pneumatics "Pneumatics" ) \- [Control system](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" ) \- [Programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ) \- [3D graphics](/index.php/3D_graphics "3D graphics" ) \- [Physics](/index.php/Physics "Physics" ) \- [Suppliers](/index.php/Suppliers "Suppliers" )

On **[Non-Technical Topics](/index.php/Non-technical "Non-technical" )**  

  * [Team management](/index.php/Team_management "Team management" ) \- [FIRST culture](/index.php/FIRST_culture "FIRST culture" ) \- [Spirit](/index.php/Spirit "Spirit" ) \- [Scouting](/index.php/Scouting "Scouting" ) \- [Organizations](/index.php/Organizations "Organizations" )
  * [Index of people](/index.php/Index_of_people "Index of people" ) \- [Index of celebrities](/index.php/Index_of_celebrities "Index of celebrities" )

On **[How-to's](/index.php/How-to "How-to" )**  

  * [Programming](/index.php/How-to#Programming "How-to" ) \- [Drive Train](/index.php/How-to#Drive_train "How-to" ) \- [Electrical](/index.php/How-to#Electrical "How-to" ) \- [Mechanical](/index.php/How-to#Mechanical "How-to" ) \- [Manufacturing](/index.php/How-to#Manufacturing "How-to" )
  * [Website](/index.php/How-to#Website "How-to" ) \- [Team management](/index.php/How-to#Team_management "How-to" ) \- [Animation](/index.php/How-to#Animation "How-to" )

On **[History](/index.php/History_of_FIRST "History of FIRST" )**  

  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events "Current events" ) \- [FRC games](/index.php/Game "Game" ) \- [FLL Challenges](/index.php/FLL_Challenges "FLL Challenges" ) \- [FTC games](/index.php/Game_%28FTC%29 "Game \(FTC\)" ) \- [Obsolete parts](/index.php/Obsolete_parts "Obsolete parts" )

  

|

What's happening now

[![](/media/thumb/7/75/EinsteinCelebration.jpeg/160px-
EinsteinCelebration.jpeg)](/index.php/Image:EinsteinCelebration.jpeg "" )

  * The new [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) game, _[Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )_ is revealed. 
  * The first game hint for the 2012 [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) game is revealed. 
  * The new [FIRST Tech Challenge](/index.php/FIRST_Tech_Challenge "FIRST Tech Challenge" ) game, _[Bowled Over](/index.php/Bowled_Over "Bowled Over" )_, is revealed. 
  * The FIRST Championship is featured in the ABC documentary _i.am.FIRST - Science is Rock and Roll_. 
  * The 2011 [Indiana Robotics Invitational](/index.php/Indiana_Robotics_Invitational "Indiana Robotics Invitational" ) draws to a close on July 23, 2011, with teams [33](/index.php/33 "33" ), [2056](/index.php/2056 "2056" ), [217](/index.php/217 "217" ), and [359](/index.php/359 "359" ) all taking a share of the title. 

  
Latest FIRST games: [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound
Rumble" ) - [Bowled Over](/index.php/Bowled_Over "Bowled Over" ) - [Logo
Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )

**All [current events](/index.php/Current_events "Current events" )...**

  

Featured article

[![](/media/thumb/7/71/2006iFRC1595.jpg/100px-
2006iFRC1595.jpg)](/index.php/Image:2006iFRC1595.jpg "" )

A **[drivetrain](/index.php/Drivetrain "Drivetrain" )** consists of components
necessary to allow a robot to move. The interaction of those parts, which
includes motors and transmissions, result in a robot that is either fast or
slow. Good drivetrains result in robots that are maneuverable, fast, and
capable of pushing items on the field. Common types of drivetrains used in
FIRST include [six-wheel drive](/index.php/Drivetrain#Six_Wheel_Drive
"Drivetrain" ), [swerve drive](/index.php/Drivetrain#Swerve_Drive "Drivetrain"
), and [mecanum drive](/index.php/Drivetrain#Mecanum_Drive "Drivetrain" ).
(**[more...](/index.php/Drivetrain "Drivetrain" )**)

Recently featured: [Chairman’s Award](/index.php/Chairman%E2%80%99s_Award
"Chairman’s Award" ) - [PID controller](/index.php/PID_controller "PID
controller" ) - [Taurus](/index.php/Taurus_%281073%29 "Taurus \(1073\)" )

**[Recommend an article](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates "FIRSTwiki:Featured article candidates" )** - **[More featured articles...](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_articles "FIRSTwiki:Featured articles" )**  
  
---|---  
  
About FIRST

_[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" )_ is an organization founded by inventor
[Dean Kamen](/index.php/Dean_Kamen "Dean Kamen" ) in 1989 as a way of getting
students involved in and excited about science and technology. _FIRST_ has
grown from just a few hundred students and mentors in 1992, and now reaches
over 210,000 students worldwide.

  

About FIRSTwiki

[FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) is an open-content encyclopedia
about the [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition
"FIRST Robotics Competition" ), designed to provide the [FIRST
community](/index.php/FIRST_community "FIRST community" ) a useful resource
for all aspects of the project. Following the tenets of [gracious
professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious
professionalism" ), members contribute back to the community by recording
useful information that other members can benefit from.

  

How to get started

Experiment in the [sandbox](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Sandbox "FIRSTwiki:Sandbox"
), and visit our [Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_Portal
"FIRSTwiki:Community Portal" ) to find out how _you_ can participate in the
development of FIRSTwiki. For those particularly eager to get started, find
out [what to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute
"FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" ). Is there anything in particular you can't
find? **Please** add it to [the requested articles
page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles "FIRSTwiki:Requested articles"
)! There are always things that we want community input on, so please check
the [community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions
"FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" ) page and the [village
pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" ).

**[How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )** - **[New Users Page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )** - **[Style Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )** - **[Page Formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )** - **[User Questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_Questions "FIRSTwiki:User Questions" )** - **[Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )**

  

|

Featured image

[![](/media/thumb/6/66/Lunacy_match_in_progress.jpg/500px-
Lunacy_match_in_progress.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Lunacy_match_in_progress.jpg
"" )

A 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" ) match in progress.  
(_Author: Nick McPhee_)

**[Recommend an image](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_image_candidates "FIRSTwiki:Featured image candidates" )** - **[More featured images...](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_images "FIRSTwiki:Featured images" )**  
  
---|---  
  
