# 1294 in 2004

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [A robot
(1294)](/index.php?title=A_robot_%281294%29&redirect=no "A robot \(1294\)" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

[![40px}}](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png/30px-600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png "40px}}" )

| It is requested that an **image** or **images** be
[included](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uploading_images
"wikipedia:Uploading_images" ) in this article to [improve its
quality](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_development
"wikipedia:Article_development" ).  
---|---  
[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please
**[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1294_in_2004&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1294_in_2004&action=edit" )** this
article.  
  
---|---  
  
[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or
section](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1294_in_2004&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=1294_in_2004&action=edit" ) by
expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php?title=Talk:1294_in_2004&action=edit "Talk:1294 in 2004" ) or
at [requests for expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion
"FIRSTwiki:Requests for expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

The 2004 season was Eastlake Robotics Club's debut season in the FIRST
Robotics Competition. It is always difficult to create a FIRST Robotics team
to compete, but the club members put passion into their work and the first
year they attended the regional competition in Portland, Oregon, the robot
completed the competition as a finalist. New teams must struggle against
adversity for years until they gain recognition in the FIRST community.
Gaining sponsors is difficult, and organizing the club is difficult. In 2004
the Eastlake Robotics Club rose to the challenge and ended with their most
successful season to date.

[Image:2004Game.jpg](/index.php?title=Special:Upload&wpDestFile=2004Game.jpg
"Image:2004Game.jpg" )

  
The game that the club designed their robot for was entitled "FIRST Frenzy:
Raising the Bar". The match, played on a 48' x 24' field, kicked off with a 40
second autonomous mode, during which the robots would navigate to the edge of
the playing field and knock small hanging balls to the ground just outside the
play area. Robots that navigated and completed the task successfuly earned
bonus points for their alliance in the match. Once the 40 second autonomous
period was complete, human players could step forward and take the controls of
their robots. Teams now scored points by controlling their robot and picking
up small purple or large yellow bars and depositing them in one of two goals
(two goals for each alliance, for a total of four goals on the field). Finally
the robots could score 50 bonus points by hanging, as the match ended, from a
bar suspended 10' above the ground.

