As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRST Collegiate

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&a
ction=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit" )**
this article.  
  
---|---  
  
[![The FCC Logo](/media/thumb/9/95/FCC.png/300px-
FCC.png)](/index.php/Image:FCC.png "The FCC Logo" )

[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) Collegiate, or FCC started as a pilot
program in 2011.

## Contents

  * 1 Robot Challenge
    * 1.1 Current Challenge
  * 2 Events
    * 2.1 Awards
  * 3 History
    * 3.1 Previous Challenges
    * 3.2 External Links  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Robot Challenge" )]

#  Robot Challenge

This section needs to be filled in with more than statistics. If someone is
willing to write for this section, please post here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Current Challenge" )]

##  Current Challenge

  * [2011 - "Triathlon"](/index.php?title=FCC_Challenge_2011&action=edit "FCC Challenge 2011" )
    * [2011 - "First Flight"](/index.php?title=FCC_Challenge_2011&action=edit "FCC Challenge 2011" )
    * [2011 - "All Your Bases"](/index.php?title=FCC_Challenge_2011&action=edit "FCC Challenge 2011" )
    * [2011 - "The Best Trajectory"](/index.php?title=FCC_Challenge_2011&action=edit "FCC Challenge 2011" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Events" )]

#  Events

This section needs to be filled in with more than statistics. If someone is
willing to write for this section, please post here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Awards" )]

##  Awards

This section needs to be filled in with more than statistics. If someone is
willing to write for this section, please post here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
History" )]

#  History

This section needs to be filled in with more than statistics. If someone is
willing to write for this section, please post here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Previous Challenges" )]

##  Previous Challenges

2011 Pilot year

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
External Links" )]

##  External Links

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_Collegiate>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_Collegiate
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" ) |
[FCC](/index.php?title=Category:FCC&action=edit "Category:FCC" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_Collegiate)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_Collegiate)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_Collegiate)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_Collegiate)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_Collegiate&oldid=79780)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:11, 29 May 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 406 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

