As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# FIRSTwiki:Roadmap

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
In order to give this project a kick in the right direction, I think it would
be a good idea to come up with a general outline of things to include. When
finished, we can post a link to the outline on ChiefDelphi and ask for
contribution to specific areas by those who worked in them. I think it would
have the effect of making someone realize that what they have to say just
might be useful for everyone to hear (we might intimate that the FIRSTwiki
provides a useful way to pass your information on that you learned, and can be
used as a training tool if sufficient information is contributed). Who knows.

Here's what I've come up with so far. Many areas are ommitted, and this is
intentional ... to force those more familliar with them to add more content.
Also, there is some question as to the logical grouping of things, and before
I add more I'll wait for community input. Where there are sub-sections, it
tends to indicate that a series of articles (with a TOC, such as on [control
system](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )) would be appropriate.

  
_The tentative outline:_

  * Technical 
    * Control System 
      * Electronics and circuitry 
        * howto solder, ohm's law, kirschoff's voltage/current laws, etc. 
        * also, Victor 884s, wiring guide/diagram, etc. 
    * Programming 
      * interrupts, learning C, PID loop, etc. 
      * default code, howto's on adding various functionality, e.g., low pass filter 
    * Information Technology 
      * Animation 
      * Team website 
      * CAD 
  * Public Relations 

  

  * Fundraising/Finance 

  

  * FIRST information (working title) 
    * Things like what constitutes a mentor, what competitions are like, etc. 
    * a timeline of the FIRST season, including build season 

  

So far as for the Wiki itself, I think we need to seriously work on a page for
new users. It should refer them to style pages, how to edit, etc. [We've
started this](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_for_new_users "FIRSTwiki:Page for new
users" ), but no where near perfected it (see wikipedia for an example). We
need to include guidelines such as naming conventions (should all the words of
a title be caipitalized or just the first, e.g., Programming a microcontroller
verse Programming A Microcontroller, etc.), when a wikified link should be
used (every word is obviously too much, also, how about just the first
occurrence instead of every time a word is repeated), etc. This document
should be considered a working suggestion for a guideline ... so please edit
ruthlessly with your ideas for what should be followed. This is just to get
everyone thinking about these issues ...

    What we need is a user's guide and a quick start. --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 13:34, 12 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

