# Motors (FLL)

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

There are two kit sets that are currently allowed for FLL - the older Lego
Mindstorms Kit, and the new Mindstorms NXT kit. See [FLL Robot
Set](/index.php/FLL_Robot_Set "FLL Robot Set" ) for details on this. Both are
electric motors driven by power from either the older Mindstorms or newer NXT
"brick".

## Contents

  * 1 Mindstorms NXT Motors
  * 2 Old Mindstorms Motors
  * 3 Parts limitations
    * 3.1 Other  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Mindstorms NXT Motors" )]

# Mindstorms NXT Motors

The [Electric Motor NXT](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/53787
"http://peeron.com/inv/parts/53787" ) is the motor that comes with the newer
Mindstorms NXT.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Old Mindstorms Motors" )]

# Old Mindstorms Motors

Either the [Electric Technic Mini-Motor
9v](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/71427c01
"http://peeron.com/inv/parts/71427c01" ) (or possibly the [lighter
version](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/43362c01
"http://peeron.com/inv/parts/43362c01" ) included on more recent sets).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Parts limitations" )]

# Parts limitations

A maximum of three of these electric motors can be used on an FLL competition
robot. See [FLL Allowable Parts](/index.php/FLL_Allowable_Parts "FLL Allowable
Parts" ) for more information on what your competition robot can contain.

A wealth of detail on other electric technic motors, as well as weight,
stalled performance, etc. can be found on [Philo's Technic 9V Motor
page](http://www.philohome.com/motors/motorcomp.htm
"http://www.philohome.com/motors/motorcomp.htm" ). But remember only the above
motors are legal for FLL robots! Not all the motors on Philo's page are legal
for FLL bots.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Other" )]

## Other

[Wind-up and Pull-back motors](/index.php?title=Wind-up_and_Pull-
back_motors&action=edit "Wind-up and Pull-back motors" ) are also allowed and
may provide an alternative to electric motors. Since these are not electric
parts they do not count against the limitations on how many electric motors a
robot can have.

  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the
list of [short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages"
)._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Motors_%28FLL%29>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Motors_%28FLL%29
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Motors_%28FLL%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Motors_\(FLL\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Motors_%28FLL%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Motors_%28FLL%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Motors_%28FLL%29&oldid=64088)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 16:37, 9 November 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,993 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

