# Senior Mentor

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_Summary copied from [FIRST Web
Site](http://www.usfirst.org/community/volunteers/content.aspx?id=3310
"http://www.usfirst.org/community/volunteers/content.aspx?id=3310" ):_  
A most important key to FIRST’s success is the work of more than 40,000
volunteer mentors— professional engineers, teachers, and other adults working
with youth across the country through our FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST
Tech Challenge, FIRST LEGO League and Junior FIRST LEGO League programs.
Demand for FIRST has increased so rapidly and organically that FIRST continues
to face a growing challenge to recruit and support new volunteers. The Senior
Mentor program has been a critical addition to FIRST’s volunteer resource
management infrastructure, with Senior Mentors serving on average 10-15 hours
per week for a 12-month term, working to recruit and support FIRST Team
Mentors and FIRST Event Volunteers in their service areas.

  
The FIRST Senior Mentor Program operates currently in Arizona, California,
Connecticut, Colorado, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey,
New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Virginia, and Washington DC.

  
Senior Mentors strengthen and expand FIRST’s partnerships with businesses,
educational institutions, and communities. In doing so, the Senior Mentor
program has moved us closer to achieving the goal of FIRST—to change society
by providing youth with experiences that give them not just the skills, but
also the desire to solve problems through scientific and technological
innovation.  
[Apply to be a Senior Mentor](http://www.usfirst.org/WorkArea/linkit.aspx?Link
Identifier=id&ItemID=9368
"http://www.usfirst.org/WorkArea/linkit.aspx?LinkIdentifier=id&ItemID=9368" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Senior_Mentor>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Senior_Mentor)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Senior_Mentor&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Senior_Mentor&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Senior_Mentor&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Senior_Mentor)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Senior_Mentor)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Senior_Mentor)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Senior_Mentor&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Senior_Mentor&oldid=69777)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:07, 24 October 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 279 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

