As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Jellellsea

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

On board diagnostics (OBD) has come a long way given that its beginning in the
1980s. OBD offers uncomplicated access towards the vehicle owner to details on
the state of health of the automobile. It also makes the job in the mechanic
easy to locate the complications with the [autoboss
v30](http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/launch-x431-scanner-sparepart-cid137
"http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/launch-x431-scanner-sparepart-cid137" ) , if
any. Within the earlier versions, only the malfunctioning of a certain section
could possibly be reported by an suitable indicator light. But the most
current edition, OBD2 connector has the potential to pinpoint the issue. That
tends to make the job for the mechanic much less difficult and also the
expense of maintenance lower for the owner.

An OBD2 cable as well as required interface and application is used for
detailed diagnostics from the engine. The male plug is connected towards the
pc in the automobile as well as the female plug is for connecting using the
automobile components on which the verify has to be created. Information
collected by the OBD2 sensors is read by the personal computer by the OBD2
connector from it just [click here](http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/
"http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/" )!.

For one of the most advanced onboard diagnostics, the OBD2, a female 16 pin
OBD2 connector is required for standardized interface with hardware. It have
to comply with SAE J1962 standards. J1962 requirements obviously specify the
function of every pin. Some pins are left with no particular functions.
They're meant to become made use of at the discretion of the vehicle
manufacturer. The OBD2 connector have to be positioned inside two feet in the
steering wheel for effortless access for the driver. For earlier versions, it
was located beneath the hood.

There are 5 signaling protocols in the moment to become employed with for this
OBD2 connector. Only one particular of them is used for every car. Error
circumstances are reported differently by diverse protocols. Vehicles from
General Motors use the SAE J1850 VPW and the automobiles imported from Europe
and Asia use the SAE J1850 PWM pattern.

In 2008, compliance with signaling requirements for all automobiles sold
inside the Usa was created mandatory. In 2010 it really is mandatory for
particular chosen heavy duty commercial autos also. The new complicated OBD2
technique helps preserve a clean environment along with effortless
diagnostics.

A very good OBD2 connector could be the heart of an OBD2 method. Consequently,
selecting the best OBD2 system is of paramount value [auto
diagnostics](http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/
"http://www.kfzdiagnosegeraet.de/" ). The safest way will be to pick a
connector from a reputed manufacturer. Automotive Connectors and Cable
Corporation also known as AC3 is recognized for their superior. Their style
for connectors is used by several other makers.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Jellellsea>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:Jellellsea)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:Jellellsea&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:Jellellsea&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:Jellellsea&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:Jellellsea)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:Jellellsea)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:Jellellsea)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Jellellsea)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:Jellellsea&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:Jellellsea&oldid=594581)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:29, 1 September 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 1 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

