As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:Cleanup

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * **Cleanup**
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
Articles that need an extensive cleanup should be placed here. See
[Wikipedia:Cleanup](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Cleanup
"wikipedia:Wikipedia:Cleanup" ) for more information.

Basically, if the article isn't quite a stub, but it is in need of more
content, a re-wording, or even just a structural adjustment, it should be
placed here. Those FIRSTwikians who prefer to be editors can then go through
this list and make their contributions to those pages that are most in need of
help. This **should not** be a [list of stubs](http://www.firstwiki.org/index.
php?title=Special:Whatlinkshere&target=Template%3AStub "http://www.firstwiki.o
rg/index.php?title=Special:Whatlinkshere&target=Template%3AStub" ). See also,
[What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What
to contribute" ).

_Note that articles in the general namespace should be put here, not meta
pages._

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Just in" )]

# Just in

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: 2011" )]

## 2011

  * [Machining](/index.php/Machining "Machining" ) could use some pictures, the section on milling, and basically more information. It would be really nice if a mentor with machining experience could go through this and vet the information. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: 2007" )]

## 2007

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: 2006" )]

## 2006

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: 2005" )]

## 2005

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: 2004" )]

## 2004

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: June 30" )]

### June 30

  * [Creating a Forum](/index.php/Creating_a_Forum "Creating a Forum" ) does not follow naming convention, tutorial for specific board is inappropriate, maybe detail several options availalbe (and don't forget Yahoo! groups), and link to other tutorials if necessary (see talk page too) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: June 28" )]

### June 28

  * [Team organization](/index.php/Team_organization "Team organization" ) structure, organized into headings, formatting issues (bold title, headers, fix link, etc.), maybe explain general team organization and have separate pages for certain specific teams, e.g., [Team organization (128)](/index.php?title=Team_organization_%28128%29&action=edit "Team organization \(128\)" )
    * began rewrite. I think the option for a team organization page should be included in [FIRSTwiki:team page format](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Team_page_format "FIRSTwiki:Team page format" ). Sorta unrelated, but maybe the name scheme for team pages should be something like "&lt;team number&gt; thing" because the team is the primary index, no the fact that it is a "thing" page. So in this case, [128 Team organization](/index.php?title=128_Team_organization&action=edit "128 Team organization" ). --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 15:13, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 
    * I disagree. If some hypothetical user is looking up team organization, references to how other teams do it is more than appropriate and very relevent. However, if the same hypothetical user is looking up team XXXX, how they organize their team is typically only of minor relevance. Also, the "group" of team organization pages are more related to each other in that they are about organization than that they are about a certain team number, hence the greater binding relation should take precedence. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 15:21, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: June 27" )]

### June 27

  * [Championship Event (1993)](/index.php/Championship_Event_%281993%29 "Championship Event \(1993\)" ) dead end page, needs links describing game, a comment on where the championship occurred would be in order to, plus links to history 
  * [Championship Event (1992)](/index.php/Championship_Event_%281992%29 "Championship Event \(1992\)" ) good intro, but needs links to year's game, history plus cleanup on form 
  * [Creating a non-profit organization](/index.php/Creating_a_non-profit_organization "Creating a non-profit organization" ) dead end page, explain benefits of non-profit status, better description, general cleanup 
  * [College student](/index.php/College_student "College student" ) separate list from actual content (see discussion page), refer to **team structure** below 
  * [Fantasy FIRST](/index.php/Fantasy_FIRST "Fantasy FIRST" ) history, explain structure, reason of game, list of winners better put on [Fantasy FIRST 2004 winners](/index.php?title=Fantasy_FIRST_2004_winners&action=edit "Fantasy FIRST 2004 winners" ) or some such 
  * [Qualifying for championship event](/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_championship_event&action=edit "Qualifying for championship event" ) explain history, current system (new), general cleanup 
  * [Ohm's Law](/index.php/Ohm%27s_Law "Ohm's Law" ) make FIRST-related, or probably should dump, if kept, cleanup/organization, link to electronic stuff where it is useful 
  * [Torque](/index.php/Torque "Torque" ) as per above 
  * [Physics](/index.php/Physics "Physics" ) as per above, make FIRST-related, cleanup structure, needs content (refer to external sites where appropriate) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: June 26" )]

### June 26

  * [Lego Mindstorms](/index.php/Lego_Mindstorms "Lego Mindstorms" ) needs intro, relevance explained, **total** overhaul (e.g., "LEGO's robotics _stuff_") 
  * [Designing a team webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage "Designing a team webpage" ) needs intro, relevance explained, link to award, external links to webpage design, better written/organized 
  * [Organizations likely to sponsor teams](/index.php/Organizations_likely_to_sponsor_teams "Organizations likely to sponsor teams" ) see its talk page 
  * [Using CSS](/index.php/Using_CSS "Using CSS" ) relevance explained, short intro and link to external sources (total overhaul, or just dump the page) 
  * [Kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ) needs re-structuring, content 
  * [Using MPLAB](/index.php/Using_MPLAB "Using MPLAB" ) right now just lists menus, ... needs to be made useful (maybe walkthrough of several basic tasks, e.g., building a projct) 
  * [Regional Chairman's Award](/index.php/Regional_Chairman%27s_Award "Regional Chairman's Award" ) make intro a paragraph, not just a list, re-structure list, explain history, etc. 
  * [MCC18](/index.php/MCC18 "MCC18" ) list of installed directories probably not too useful; needs inro, explanation of relevance, links to MPLAB, etc. 

**Structure** Extensive work on the following articles are needed. They are grouped together because they are related, and the articles need to express this. On most articles, an entire overhaul is needed. 

**Team structure**

  * [FIRST_Robotics_Team](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Team "FIRST Robotics Team" ), [Team organization](/index.php/Team_organization "Team organization" )
    * [Student](/index.php/Student "Student" ) (see too [Students](/index.php/Students "Students" )), [Mentor](/index.php/Mentor "Mentor" ), [Teacher](/index.php/Teacher "Teacher" ), [Community](/index.php?title=Community&action=edit "Community" )

**Competition structure**

  * [Competitions](/index.php/Competitions "Competitions" ), [Regional](/index.php/Regional "Regional" ), [Championship event](/index.php/Championship_event "Championship event" ), [Index of Regionals](/index.php/Index_of_Regionals "Index of Regionals" )
    * [Qualification match](/index.php?title=Qualification_match&action=edit "Qualification match" ), [Elimination match](/index.php/Elimination_match "Elimination match" ), [Alliance](/index.php/Alliance "Alliance" ) (see too [Tournament alliance](/index.php/Tournament_alliance "Tournament alliance" ), [Match alliance](/index.php/Match_alliance "Match alliance" )), [Seed](/index.php/Seed "Seed" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: June 23" )]

### June 23

  * [Regional](/index.php/Regional "Regional" ) needs introduction, needs to be general (structure should be sub-section, not whole article), needs more content, etc. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: June 19" )]

### June 19

  * [Scouting](/index.php/Scouting "Scouting" ) needs to be organized into sections, content expanded and cleaned up in general 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: June 16" )]

### June 16

  * [Awards](/index.php/Awards "Awards" ) each award article needs to be re-written (**copyright vio**), list of current year's winners might be approrpiate too 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=14 "Edit
section: June 15" )]

### June 15

  * [Programming the Robot Controller](/index.php/Programming_the_Robot_Controller "Programming the Robot Controller" ) currently unfinished (follows IFI doc, should be straightforward) 
  * [Tournament alliance](/index.php/Tournament_alliance "Tournament alliance" ) lots of postfixed links -- parts of words are links, but the endings aren't 
  * [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" ) needs restructuring, rewording, wiki links need working ... major job 
  * [FIRST humor](/index.php/FIRST_humor "FIRST humor" ) needs introduction, content ... relevance? (note to potential editor: sense of humor important) 
  * [Fundraising](/index.php/Fundraising "Fundraising" ) needs more information, stronger tie to FIRST and mention of student/community participation might be in order; mention its importance, etc. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit&section=15 "Edit
section: June 9" )]

### June 9

  * [List of data types](/index.php/List_of_data_types "List of data types" ) section on Floating point numbers needs help, nothing on strings or structures, or pointers or void, etc., needs intro and wikification 

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3ACleanup
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRST MetaWiki](/index.php/Category:FIRST_MetaWiki
"Category:FIRST MetaWiki" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Cleanup)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Cleanup&oldid=82728)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:54, 20 October 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 7,767 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

