As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:Featured article candidates

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_Discussion on this feature is happening on the [Community
decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community
decisions" ) page._

Below are the articles submitted to be _feature articles._ If you have any
**objection** to them, **record your view** here and offer improvements for
change. The articles are here so they receive your **attention** \-- fix them
up, give them that little edge they need to be consumed by the general masses.
Clear up FIRST-centric jargon that a new-comer might be unfamiliar with, add
'see also' links where appropriate, check grammar, etc.

To vote for an article, just move an article One Tier up (as in from Tier 1 to
Tier 2, etc.). To object to an article, move it one Tier down and provide
suggestions. The article with the highest tier will go up as the featured
article.

You may also want to see the [FIRSTwiki:Featured
articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_articles "FIRSTwiki:Featured articles"
) page so you don't accidentally vote for an article that was already
featured.

  
**Vote** on the articles: 

## Contents

  * 1 Tier 5
  * 2 Tier 4
  * 3 Tier 3
  * 4 Tier 2
  * 5 Tier 1  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit&sec
tion=1 "Edit section: Tier 5" )]

##  Tier 5

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit&sec
tion=2 "Edit section: Tier 4" )]

##  Tier 4

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit&sec
tion=3 "Edit section: Tier 3" )]

##  Tier 3

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit&sec
tion=4 "Edit section: Tier 2" )]

##  Tier 2

  * [Robodevils Team #1018](/index.php/1018 "1018" ) Check This Team Out! --[PurpleMonkeyKing](/index.php/User:PurpleMonkeyKing "User:PurpleMonkeyKing" )

    Voted for by [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 13:38, 7 May 2007 (EDT) 

    Reason: Excelent content, probably the best team page I've seen! 

  * [Gracious professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious professionalism" ) \--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 17:30, 2 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Voted for by [denman](/index.php/User:Denman "User:Denman" ) 10:55, 5 May 2005 (EDT) 
    Voted for by [Knippschild](/index.php/User:Knippschild "User:Knippschild" ) 21:05, 13 May 2006 (EDT) 
    Object: This Article needs a lot of work before it goes featured. [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 13:41, 7 May 2007 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit&sec
tion=5 "Edit section: Tier 1" )]

##  Tier 1

  * [Multiple autonomous modes](/index.php/Multiple_autonomous_modes "Multiple autonomous modes" ) \--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 14:33, 5 Jun 2004 (EDT) 
  * [Programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ) \--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 17:30, 2 Jun 2004 (EDT) 
  * [Kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ) \--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 17:15, 6 Aug 2004 (EDT) 
  * [759](/index.php/759 "759" ) \- [Jay](/index.php/User:JVGazeley "User:JVGazeley" ) 05:51, 6 August 2006 (EDT) 
  * [Rack 'N' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27N%27_Roll "Rack 'N' Roll" ) \- [BandChick](/index.php?title=User:BandChick&action=edit "User:BandChick" ) 9:35, 20 January 2007 
  * [461](/index.php/461 "461" ) \- [Nathan Hui](/index.php/User:Nathan_Hui "User:Nathan Hui" ) 08:33, 20 October 2011 (CDT) 

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3AFeatured_ar
ticle_candidates "Special:Categories" ): [Featured
articles](/index.php/Category:Featured_articles "Category:Featured articles" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Featured_article_candidates)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates&oldid=82785)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 13:33, 20 October 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 10,089 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

