As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Ramp n' Roll

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

**Ramp n' Roll** was the name of the 1995 season [FIRST game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). This year, FIRST experimented with real time scoring, with mixed success. This was also the first year that the [National Championship](/index.php/Championship_Event "Championship Event" ) was held in Orlando. 

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 **Ramp n' Roll**
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Field Layout
  * 2 Game Description
  * 3 Tournament Structure
  * 4 Kit Of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Strategies
  * 7 Robots
  * 8 Misc Info
  * 9 Sources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Field Layout" )]

## Field Layout

[![Ramp n' Roll Field](/media/thumb/0/02/Ramp_n_Roll_field.jpg/180px-
Ramp_n_Roll_field.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Ramp_n_Roll_field.jpg "Ramp n' Roll
Field" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Ramp_n_Roll_field.jpg "Enlarge" )

Ramp n' Roll Field

The playing field was carpeted and in a T shape. At the junction of the three
sections was the goal area, which consisted of 3 ramps, a flat area on top,
and a football style field goal. There were 36 and 24 inch balls to
manipulate, in the colors of the teams.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Game Description" )]

## Game Description

Three robots competed at a time. A team recieved 2 points for each time their
small 24" ball was over the goal and 3 points for each time the large ball was
over. The tiebreakers were the highest ball over the goal, and then the
closest ball to the goal.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Tournament Structure" )]

## Tournament Structure

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Kit Of Parts" )]

## Kit Of Parts

  * 2 12v Milwaukee drill motors 
  * 2 12v Milwaukee drill batteries 
  * 4 Delco seat motors 
  * 2 pneumatic pumps 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Rules" )]

## Rules

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Strategies" )]

## Strategies

The winning strategy was to continually pass the balls over the goal. Some
teams could do this faster then the judges could count. This was the first and
only year up until the 2006 game, [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" ),
that teams scored points based on what happened in a match, as opposed to how
things ended.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Robots" )]

## Robots

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
Misc Info" )]

## Misc Info

It has been said that this is [Dean Kamen's](/index.php/Dean_Kamen "Dean
Kamen" ) least favorite [Game](/index.php/Game "Game" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [Team 177 history](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1995.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1995.html" )
  * [firstrobotics.net 1995 gallery](http://www.firstrobotics.net/95Gallery/index.htm "http://www.firstrobotics.net/95Gallery/index.htm" )
  * [Team 45 History Compilation](http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php "http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Ramp_n%27_Roll
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Ramp_n%27_Roll)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Ramp_n%27_Roll)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Ramp_n%27_Roll)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Ramp_n%27_Roll&oldid=58932)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:55, 7 April 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 6,095 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

