# Game (FTC)

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Game (Vex)](/index.php?title=Game_%28Vex%29&redirect=no
"Game \(Vex\)" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

**Hangin'-A-Round **

"Hangin'-a-Round" is the name of the 2006 FIRST Vex Challenge game. Released
on September 13th, 2006, this game represents a melding of many past year's
games and field elements to create a unique game suited to the Vex platform.

## Contents

  * 1 Game Description
  * 2 Tournament Structure
  * 3 Rules
  * 4 Sources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Game Description" )]

## Game Description

The game is played on a square field with the alliance stations placed on
adjacent sides to allow for better spectator viewing. The game elements
consist of 46 eleven-inch circumference softballs arranged in pyramids of four
in a symetrical pattern around the field, two 24 inch "high goals" for each
alliance, two lower goals for each alliance, a rotating square platform
located in the center of the field with a 33 inch high bar above it, and a 30
inch inflatable "atlas ball".

Before the match begins, each alliance is allowed three softballs to preload
into their robots with the caveat that no robot may hold more than two at the
beginning of the match. The robots must be on their own half of the field
before the match begins, touching the outside wall at some point. The match
begins with a 20 second autonomous period where the robots work on only input
from internal programing and onboard sensors. After the 20 second autonomous
period, the score is tabulated, and the alliance with the highest score
recieves a ten point bonus. The game then proceedes to a two-minute operator
control mode, where student drivers and coaches operate the robots through the
radios. After the two minutes, the score is tabulated, with the various point
values as follows:

  * A softball in the lower goal- 1 point 
  * A softball in the upper goal- 3 points 
  * The atlas ball on your alliances side of the field- Doubles the score of all balls and bonus points for your alliance 
  * A robot "parked" on the rotating platform- 5 points 
  * A robot "hanging on the bar- 15 points 
  * Bonus for winning the autonomous period- 10 points 

The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Tournament Structure" )]

## Tournament Structure

All teams are ranked first by their Qualifying Points (2 points for a win, 1
for a tie and none for a loss), then their Ranking Points (sum of all
opponents points scored), then their overall highest match score, and
finanally by an "electronic coin toss". The top eight teams then choose two
other alliances to join them in the elimination rounds. Once the alliances are
formed, the teams go into a single elimination bracket with an alliance moving
on after winning two matches against their opponent. The winner of the bracket
is determined to be the winner of the tournament.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Rules" )]

## Rules

The robot rules for the 2006 game changed in multiple ways. The size limit was
increased to 18 X 18 X 18 inches, as well as the addition of two more motors
or servos, and the use of two y-cables. This should enable teams to create
machines that will be able to complete this year's challenge.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [\- Link to official rules and field diagrams](http://www.usfirst.org/vex/resources/ "http://www.usfirst.org/vex/resources/" )
  * [\- An animation for this year's game](http://www.vexrobotics.com/animation "http://www.vexrobotics.com/animation" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Game_%28FTC%29>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Game_%28FTC%29
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRST Tech
Challenge](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Tech_Challenge "Category:FIRST Tech
Challenge" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Game_%28FTC%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Game_\(FTC\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Game_%28FTC%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Game_%28FTC%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Game_%28FTC%29&oldid=64649)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 19:43, 6 December 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 2,501 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

