# 188

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Woburn Robotics  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/a/a3/188logo.png)](/index.php/Image:188logo.png "Team
logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 1995  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Toronto ON Canada  
School: | Woburn Collegiate Institute  
Approx. size: | 70  
Team info: | [my.usfirst.org](https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=t
eaminfo&team=188
"https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=teaminfo&team=188" )  
TBA page: |
[thebluealliance.net](http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=188
"http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=188" )  
Team Website: | <http://www.team188.com/>  
  
  

[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=188&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=188&action=edit" )** this article.  
  
---|---  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Slogan
  * 2 Identity
  * 3 History
  * 4 Projects
  * 5 Robots
  * 6 Accomplishments
  * 7 Sponsors
  * 8 Mentors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Slogan" )]

## Slogan

The Force from the North!

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Identity" )]

## Identity

We have made a name for ourselves in FIRST as not only the oldest active non-
American team, but also a leader in reliable robot design. Our trademark is a
powerful drive system, and beginning in the '02 Season we phased in the use of
six drive motors. Our '04 Season gave birth to one of the most fastest _and_
most powerful robot in FIRST history. Our award-winning website underlines the
fact that we are trying hard to spread the word of FIRST, and, at the
inaugural Canadian Regional we created in 2002, we were awarded the Regional
Chairman's Award. Our hockey jersey red and white is a trademark and we are
well-known throughout the FIRST community.

For more information, please visit our [website](http://www.team188.com/
"http://www.team188.com/" )!

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: History" )]

## History

**This history needs to be split into seperate articles.**   
This section should be for general history, such as formation, general growth,
etc.  
Expanded yearly history should go into a team-year artical, see the
[formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) page
for help.  
---  
  
It's been well over a decade since a homely and unassuming high school called
Woburn, nestled in Toronto, first made their famous robotics team. It was the
year 1994 when a small company of curious students and teachers united under
the common goal of understanding the mechanics and challenge of building
robots. Certainly a completely new experience for this intrepid band of
youthful pioneers, it was also a challenge they were more than willing to
accept. As they quickly found, there was an abundance of creative energies
present, but an inability to harness this force. The newly formed robotics
club attempted to design and manufacture a robotic hand on their own, in
addition to some smaller projects, but it was the opportunity to compete in a
national robotics competition where the group really came together.

The competition, known as Canada FIRST, was the starting point from which
unexpected heights were to be reached; here was the birth of a team that would
not only win two national championships, but also proceed to represent Canada
in the biggest high school robotics competition on the planet, US FIRST.
Woburn Robotics (then known by the name, "Team Canada Robotics") is the first
of currently-active non-American teams to compete in the US FIRST robotics
competition, which paved the way for other international teams to participate
in what is now known simply as FIRST. Since it's inception, 188 has been
instrumental in the formation of over 20 teams and the Canadian Regional
venue, in addition to receiving some of the highest regional awards given out
by FIRST. There is now representation from several countries at the FIRST
robotics competition where approximately one thousand teams compete for
international recognition.

When the team initially entered Canada FIRST, both students and teachers had
no idea of what to expect. Little was known about the strength of the other
competitors or the difficulty of the national competition itself. Even with
this uncertainty, the thought of competing at a high level and the possibility
of winning the national championship was incentive enough to persist. It still
is, but only now, the stakes are higher.

We await another tough challenge and are excited to tackle it... by Force.

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Projects" )]

## Projects

  * FIRST Lego League Teams 
  * FIRST Canadian Regional 
  * Ask188 

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Robots" )]

## Robots

  * [1995 - Chaos](/index.php?title=Celestial_Beings_%28Canada_FIRST%29&action=edit "Celestial Beings \(Canada FIRST\)" )
  * [1996 - Havoc](/index.php?title=Celestial_Beings_%28Canada_FIRST%29&action=edit "Celestial Beings \(Canada FIRST\)" )
  * [1997 - Mayhem](/index.php?title=Celestial_Beings_%28Canada_FIRST%29&action=edit "Celestial Beings \(Canada FIRST\)" )
  * [1998 - Chaos2](/index.php?title=Team_Canada_Robotics_%28188%29&action=edit "Team Canada Robotics \(188\)" )
  * [1999 - Fury](/index.php?title=Woburn_Robotics_%28188%29&action=edit "Woburn Robotics \(188\)" )
  * [2000 - Blizzard](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2001 - Blizzard II](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2002 - Blizzard III](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2003 - Blizzard IV](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2004 - Blizzard V](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2005 - Blizzard VI](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )
  * [2006 - Blizzard VII](/index.php?title=Blizzard_%28188%29&action=edit "Blizzard \(188\)" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

## Accomplishments

**This Accomplishments section needs to be split into separate articles.**   
This section should be for a few Major accomplishments that deserve to be
highlighted.  
Additional accomplishments should be moved to the appropriate Team/Year page.
See [FIRSTwiki:Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page
formats" ) for more help.  
---  
  
  * 2006 Greater Toronto Regional Woodie Flowers Finalist (Shawn Lim) 
  * 2006 Greater Toronto Regional Website Award 
  * 2006 Waterloo Regional Finalists 
  * 2006 Waterloo Regional Delphi Driving Tomorrow's Technology Award 
  * 2006 Waterloo Regional Website Award 
  * 2006 Finger Lakes Regional Judge's Award (Day 2) 
  * 2005 Canada's Wonderland Off-Season - Creative Design Award 
  * 2005 Canada's Wonderland Off-Season - Skills Champion (Highest Capper) 
  * 2005 Southern California Regional Entrepreneurship Award 
  * 2005 Waterloo Regional Website Award 
  * 2005 Waterloo Regional Sportsmanship Award 
  * 2005 Waterloo Regional Xerox Creativity Award 
  * 2004 Championship Website Design Award 
  * 2004 Canadian Regional Woodie Flowers Finalist (Roland Anderson) 
  * 2004 Canadian Regional Website Design Award (GTA Regional) 
  * 2004 Canadian Regional Sportsmanship Award (GTA Regional) 
  * 2004 Pittsburgh Regional Website Design Award 
  * 2003 West Michigan Regional Champions 
  * 2003 Canadian Regional Finalists 
  * 2002 Canadian Regional Semi-finalists 
  * 2002 Canadian Regional Chairman's Award 
  * 2001 Great Lakes Regional Judges' Award 
  * 1998 Nationals Judges' Award (as _Team Canada Robotics_) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Sponsors" )]

## Sponsors

  * Bank of Nova Scotia 
  * Toronto District School Board 
  * Bell Canada 
  * Solidwear 
  * APS Metal Industries Inc. 
  * All-Weld Company Ltd. 
  * Flatline Solutions 
  * TTS Manufacturing Enterprises 
  * Filbitron 
  * Marshall Macklin Monaghan 
  * ATI 
  * O5 Image Engineering 

[[edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: Mentors" )]

## Mentors

  * Roland Anderson 
  * Mark Breadner 
  * Mark Heritage 
  * Stephen Warren 
  * Shawn Lim * 
  * Martin McCourt 
  * Justin Chow * 
  * Tristan Lall * 
  * Jonathan Lall * 
  * Goldie Nguyen 
  * Adam McLeod * 
  * Jeffrey Li * 

* Former team members 

_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )  
  
  

_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
  

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/188>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=188
"Special:Categories" ): [188](/index.php?title=Category:188&action=edit
"Category:188" ) | [Rookie 1995](/index.php/Category:Rookie_1995
"Category:Rookie 1995" ) | [Articles that need to be
formatted](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_to_be_formatted
"Category:Articles that need to be formatted" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/188)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:188)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=188&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=188&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=188)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/188)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/188)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=188&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=188&oldid=62064)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 15:22, 4 July 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 4,177 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

