As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Programming

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

    _[FIRST Lego League](/index.php/FIRST_Lego_League "FIRST Lego League" ) also has a page about [Programming](/index.php/Programming_%28FLL%29 "Programming \(FLL\)" )._

  
**Programming** is an integral part of building a [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ). [Fabrication](/index.php/Fabrication "Fabrication" ) is necessary to have something to work with; but, without the brains, the robot is impotent. This is where programming comes in. A program is simply a set of instructions to the computer (the [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ) in this case). The computer then responds, based on these instructions. The response might be effecting an actuator, sending power to a motor, or anything else the programmer desires. 

## Contents

  * 1 Programming in FRC
  * 2 Autonomous Mode
  * 3 See also
  * 4 External links  
---  
  

## Programming in FRC

For the [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition
"FIRST Robotics Competition" ), programming is done using a programming
language and is [downloaded](/index.php/Downloading_a_program "Downloading a
program" ) to the [RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ).

In the past, the robot controller has been programmed using a language such as
[PIC C](/index.php/PIC_C "PIC C" ) although it could also be programmed in
[assembly](/index.php/Assembly "Assembly" ) or the C code can have assembly in
it. This generally isn't done unless speed is really important, and the need
outweighs the costs in code maintenance.

Since 2009, the robot controller, [cRio FRC](/index.php/CRio_FRC "CRio FRC" ),
can be programmed using C/C++ (with WindRiver), LabVIEW, or Java (with
NetBeans).

There is a newer version called [cRio FRC II](/index.php/CRio_FRC_II "CRio FRC
II" ).

For information regarding programming resources, see:

  * [Programming the Robot Controller](/index.php/Programming_the_Robot_Controller "Programming the Robot Controller" )
  * [How-to Articles on Programming](/index.php/How-to#Programming "How-to" )


## Autonomous Mode

Note that beginning with [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack"
) in 2003, [FRC games](/index.php/FRC_games "FRC games" ) have included an
[autonomous mode](/index.php/Autonomous_mode "Autonomous mode" ) \-- a period
of time, so far 15 seconds at the beginning of the match, under which the
robot must act without user input. This is a major challenge to programming
the robot, and can be as complicated as a large network of
[sensors](/index.php/Sensor "Sensor" ) with many lines of code ... or as
simple as a trial-and-error [dead reckoning](/index.php/Dead_reckoning "Dead
reckoning" ) solution.


##  See also

  * [Default code](/index.php/Default_code "Default code" )
  * [Control system](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )
  * [Electronics and circuitry](/index.php/Electronics_and_circuitry "Electronics and circuitry" )
  * [MPLAB](/index.php/MPLAB "MPLAB" )
  * [Debugging](/index.php/Debugging "Debugging" )


##  External links

  * [Wikipedia's on Programming](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming "wikipedia:Programming" ) \- General description of computer programming 
  * [Chief Delphi Programming Forum](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=51 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=51" )

