# Americorps*VISTA

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Americorps%
2AVISTA&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Americorps%2AVISTA&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the
list of [short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages"
)._  
---|---  
  
  
_Summary copied from [FIRST Web
Site](http://www.usfirst.org/community/volunteers/content.aspx?id=3312
"http://www.usfirst.org/community/volunteers/content.aspx?id=3312" ):_  
The AmeriCorps* VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) program provides
full-time members to nonprofit, faith-based, and other community organizations
and public agencies to create and expand programs that seek to bring low-
income individuals and communities out of poverty. VISTA Members spend a one-
year commitment addressing those needs of low-income communities by supporting
projects that focus on building permanent infrastructure in nonprofit
organizations. This program is made possible through a grant from the
Corporation for National &amp; Community Service.

FIRST AmeriCorps* VISTA members assist in the recruitment and support of
Teams, Team Mentors, and Volunteers within their underserved community for the
FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC), the FIRST LEGO League (FLL), the FIRST Tech
Challenge (FTC) programs, and other initiatives in the geographic area in
which they reside. VISTA assistance may include training, locating funding,
and developing resources to sustain team organizations.

VISTA members report to the Volunteer Resources Manager at FIRST and work with
direction from the FIRST Regional Directors in their specific area, and
collaboratively with FIRST Senior Mentors, Regional Planning and Volunteer
committees, program partners, and teams.

FIRST VISTA members strengthen and expand FIRST’s partnerships with
businesses, educational institutions, and communities, helping FIRST move
closer to achieving its goal—to change society by providing youth with
experiences that give them not just the skills but also the desire to solve
problems through scientific and technological innovation.

FIRST AmerCorps* VISTA Program areas include:

Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Massachusetts Maryland Maine New
Hampshire New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Rhode Island Vermont  
[Apply to be an Americorps*VISTA](https://my.americorps.gov/mp/listing/viewLis
ting.do?id=3925&SID=c0a8020e30d7f72e4 "https://my.americorps.gov/mp/listing/vi
ewListing.do?id=3925&SID=c0a8020e30d7f72e4" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Americorps%2AVISTA>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Americorps%2AVISTA
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Americorps%2AVISTA)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Americorps%2AVISTA&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Americorps%2AVISTA&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Americorps%2AVISTA&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [174.129.121.101](/index.php/User:174.129.121.101)
  * [Talk for this IP](/index.php/User_talk:174.129.121.101)
  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Americorps%2AVISTA)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Americorps%2AVISTA)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Americorps%2AVISTA)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Americorps%2AVISTA&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Americorps%2AVISTA&oldid=69790)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:30, 25 October 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 270 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

