# Triple Play/Official hint

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Official 2005 Game
Hint](/index.php?title=Official_2005_Game_Hint&redirect=no "Official 2005 Game
Hint" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

Every year, [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) makes a tradition of releasing
an official hint about the upcoming season's [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ) [game](/index.php/Game "Game" ) before the
[kickoff](/index.php/Kickoff "Kickoff" ). In an e-mail blast sent to all
teams, FIRST indicated its official hint for the [untitled 2005
game](/index.php/Untitled_2005_game "Untitled 2005 game" ) on December 30,
2004.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: The Official Hint" )]

##  The Official Hint

The official hint was announced through a FIRST [email
blast](/index.php?title=Email_blast&action=edit "Email blast" ), later
republished on [ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ) in the
thread [**FIRST EMAIL**/Special Communication from the Game Design
Committee](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=32009
"cdthread:32009" ).

> Greetings Teams:

>

> The Game Design Committee is pleased to provide you with the following gam
clue:

>

> While wearing Amethyst colored glasses, John Neun gave George Burns the
following riddle: "Look closely and you will see something between Pi, You and
Me."

>

> We wish you all a Happy New Year and look forward to seeing you at Kickoff.

>

> Go Teams!

[[edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Analysis and Speculation" )]

##  Analysis and Speculation

The [ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ) community is
analyzing the hint at [Official 2005 Clue
Thread](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=32010
"cdthread:32010" ) (and a bit in [THE 2005
HINT!!!!!!!!!](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=31835
"cdthread:31835" )).

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Triple_Play/Official_hint>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Triple_Play/Official_hint)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Triple_Play/Official_hint&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Triple_Play/Official_hint)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Triple_Play/Official_hint)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Triple_Play/Official_hint)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Triple_Play/Official_hint&oldid=39291)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 13:15, 12 October 2005.
  * This page has been accessed 3,447 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

