As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Ladder Logic

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

**Ladder Logic** was the name of the 1998 season [FIRST game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). Ladder Logic was the last game before [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) switched to [alliances](/index.php/Alliance "Alliance" ), and some people consider it the last OLD FIRST game. This was also the last year that teams changed their number from year to year. 

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 **Ladder Logic**
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Field Layout
  * 2 Game Description
  * 3 Tournament Structure
  * 4 Kit Of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Strategies
  * 7 Robots
  * 8 Misc Info
  * 9 Sources  
---  
  

## Field Layout

[![Ladder Logic field and scoring
structure](/media/thumb/c/ca/Ladder_logic_structure.jpg/180px-
Ladder_logic_structure.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Ladder_logic_structure.jpg
"Ladder Logic field and scoring structure" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Ladder_logic_structure.jpg "Enlarge" )

Ladder Logic field and scoring structure

Like [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" ), the field was
a hexagon. In the center of the field was a vertical tube, 8 feet tall, made
of Kee-Klamps and schedule 40 pipe. There were three "ladders" that started at
the center column, 3 feet high, and rose to 8 feet high at the edge of the
field. The ladders had three positions, and there was room for 2 balls in each
position. Each team had it's 9 balls of it's color (red, white, and blue).
Each team had one of it's balls start in each of the three positions (each on
different ladders). Each human player started with 3 balls, and there were 3
balls for each team on the ground between the ladders.


## Game Description

1 point was scored for each ball in the lowest rung of the ladders, 2 points
for each ball in the middle rung, and 3 points for each ball in the highest
rung. Each ball in the center column doubled the team's score.


## Tournament Structure

The main tournament was double elimination, in which every team competed. The
matches were 1v1v1 where the top scoring team was the winner and the other two
lost. When it got down to the final 16 teams, the game switched to 1v1.


## Kit Of Parts

Ladder Logic was the first year that the 12v motorcycle batteries were used.
Prior to that, two drill batteries were used, and they only had enough juice
to last one match. FIRST had giant charging stations where you would swap your
used batteries for freshly charged ones. FIRST raised the weight limit from
120 lbs to 130 lbs to accomodate the bigger battery.


## Rules

Detaching parts from your robot and intentionally tipping were made illegal,
due to the adverse changes in gameplay they made in [Toroid
Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" ).


## Strategies

The way to maximize your score was to have 1 ball in the 3 point position and
the rest of your balls in the center column. Most teams spent their time
filling up the center column, and only did anything with the ladders when the
center column filled up.


## Robots

There were three main ways to pick up balls. Some teams used suction cups,
which weren't very effective at picking balls of the ground, but worked well
when the balls were captive, such as inside the robot, or on the ladders. Most
teams used tongs of some sort to grab the balls, and then opened to release.
Lastly, there were some teams that used rollers to suck the balls into the
robot, and then reversed the rollers to push the balls through the sides of
the column or up through the ladder. The rollers had the advantage that a ball
could be left wedged in the ladder, so it was much harder to knock off. Some
roller configurations had the additional advantage of "sucking" balls out
through the sides of the central goal to reduce opposing scores.


## Misc Info


## Sources

  * [firstrobotics.net 1998 gallery](http://firstrobotics.net/98Gallery/index.htm "http://firstrobotics.net/98Gallery/index.htm" )
  * [Team 140's description](http://www.surko.net/first/competition/1998/index.html "http://www.surko.net/first/competition/1998/index.html" )
  * [Team 177's description](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1998.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1998.html" )
  * [Team 45 History Compilation](http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php "http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Ladder_Logic&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Ladder_Logic&action=edit" ) to make
a significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
