

# User:Vivianllin

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 The-economic-recession-Japan-fashion-week-cool-response
  * 2 Barneys-boutique-invited-Agyness-cross-border-design
  * 3 Linjiaxin whereabouts eerie to a mystery
  * 4 her light said
  * 5 have double very thoroughly
  * 6 prada Internet has a huge online store. . However
  * 7 people may not need a bag
  * 8 2009 new accumulation  
---  
  

##  The-economic-recession-Japan-fashion-week-cool-response

[TITLE] The economic recession Japan fashion week cool response [/TITLE
],[Luxury-desire-be-re-ignited-white-collar-money-does-not-have-money-back-
LV](http://www.happybabiesfirst.com/?p=379
"http://www.happybabiesfirst.com/?p=379" )  
Four days of Japanese fashion week attracted buyers and the garment industry
observers, everyone for the fashion week have different reactions. Japan
fashion week cool response as usual, stylist is in selective fashion on the
stand,[Reebok-hand-in-hand-with-the-New-Year-pushed-concept-series-
Armani](http://aegissophia.com/activity/p/47392/
"http://aegissophia.com/activity/p/47392/" ), the women_s more using hem, bud
and fur and so on the design of the element. Men_s clothes become increasingly
prominent part. Another fresh move of feeling sportswear, such as
Miharayasuhiro, Phenomenon, Beautiful People and Fur Fur brands are aroused
the interest of all. The designer_s challenge now many, because of the
economic downturn,<http://inhairextension.ucoz.com/>, consumers don_t willing
to consumption,[Clip in Hair Extensions](http://clip-in-
hairextensions.weebly.com "http://clip-in-hairextensions.weebly.com" ), if the
designer can_t take out enough to attract consumers_ unique works, so still
can_t drive consumption, but can do that designers are n[&lt;a href="http
://clip-in-hairextensions.weebly.com" target="_blank" style="text-decoration:
none;"&gt;clip in Hair Extensions](http://www.shopforhairextensions.com/
"http://www.shopforhairextensions.com/" )&lt;/a&gt;ow in Japan were rare. But
from the other side, and said, because the department store sales drop, so
many department stores are considered introducing some new, unique designer
brands into the store, which will make the department store product
diversification. Many brand in the international professional personage to
gradually says, at the present time Japan has many brand gradually on the way
to the international, in this process design and the quality of the products
is quite important factors, should be paid enough attention. Japan_s ministry
of commerce said the country_s large retailers,<http://clip-in-
hairextensions.weebly.com>, including large department stores and
supermarkets, has for 15 months sales decline. Large retailers with store
sales dropped 4%, fell to $15.1 billion, but overall retail market real growth
to 4.2%, to $112.3 billion. (0)  
_


##  Barneys-boutique-invited-Agyness-cross-border-design

[TITLE] Barneys boutique invited Agyness cross-border design [/TITLE]  
Barneys Japanese shops and Agyness Deyn British supermodel will jointly
l[&lt;a href="http://clipinhairextensions.hpage.com" target="_blank" style
="text-decoration: none;"&gt;clip in Hair
Extensions](http://www.shopforhairextensions.com/
"http://www.shopforhairextensions.com/" )&lt;/a&gt;aunched a special series of
11 clothing,[Big-sale-season-with-fortress-popular-product-
many-A-cargo](http://marc.chmielewski.be/?p=37325
"http://marc.chmielewski.be/?p=37325" ),[Brazilian Hair Extensions](http
://brazilian-hair-extensions.webs.com/ "http://brazilian-hair-
extensions.webs.com/" ), including
skirt,<http://clipinhairextensions.hpage.com>, knitting garment,[About-
fashion-week-five-must-be-clear-misunderstanding](http://www.tanned.me/?p=1359
"http://www.tanned.me/?p=1359" ), the silk scarves, T-shirt and Leggings, sold
for $212 to $307. This project was launched by the environmental protection
Barneys public service ads Go Green Go,[Tape Remy Hair
Extensions](http://taperemyhairextensions.spruz.com
"http://taperemyhairextensions.spruz.com" ), part of the revenue will be used
for the part in China_s Inner Mongolia trees. Barneys Japanese shops invited
Agyness Deyn cross-border design of design will be located in the city of kobe
Barneys new store opening on display. And with the March 13 in Tokyo in
shinjuku Barneys store began selling the products. (0)  
_


##  Linjiaxin whereabouts eerie to a mystery

Copyright notice: sohu woman comprehensive since the news!

Can have source has has revealed that next month_s all publicity trip, Lin
jiaxin a station also won_t attend, because "she is Canada Ann child".

And to that next month in held a "Don Quixote" the premiere of the propaganda,
as the actress also can appear, LiuQing or that sentence: "want to see her
study circumstance and course arrangement to decide." Happened this big thing,
LiuQing also said no active contact our company and, and company also can not
contact her personally.

According to the southern metropolis daily reports, these last two days for
"rumours" also: they preach she quit the entertainment circle; Eve and
mysterious person hair a letter says its "already pregnant, currently in
Canada Ann child"; Then, with a Hong Kong weekly reports yesterday "the
dark/married director, also avoid go Canadian healing". Yesterday, reporters
call on its own brokerage company star hao propaganda Iris verification, the
other party said: "for her private things, we simply don_t respond."

_ linjiaxin

### Brokerage company says and out of touch [1] [2] [3] [the next page]

Linjiaxin whereabouts eerie to a mystery

It opens at the headlines daily "reports, the article says, Lin jiaxin and
married her boyfriend before ChenGuangRong after breaking up, and quickly got
on a married advertising YuanJianWei director, and the two have moved to
jardine mountain building cohabitation. Things after exposure, Lin jiaxin fly
to Canada and avoid, and YuanJianWei wife work in Beijing,[louis vuitton
outlet store](http://www.lvbestsellers.com/ "http://www.lvbestsellers.com/" ),
one heard reporter about "Lin jiaxin" three words, and immediately black face
close the door, still in the door shout loudly "don_t talk to me about her,"
"not to get my husband".

_

Yesterday the seal for new anonymous E-mail, reporters call again star hao
company Beijing representative office to the head of the LiuQing,[louis
vuitton outlet online](http://www.lvbestsellers.com/
"http://www.lvbestsellers.com/" ), the other party said didn_t get linjiaxin I
confirm that, under the premise of the company won_t respond to such events.
"In fact the artist_s private life we had also don_t be necessary to help
clarify what, you see the report found that many are Hong Kong journalists own
invention. Originally the reporter is Hong Kong will make up the story, took
their two photos also cannot explain what their relationship."

&lt;link rel=stylesheet type=text/css href="<http://women.sohu.com/upload/linw
eiming/20091120/women_jingbian_06.css>"&gt;&lt;select onchange="javascript:win
dow.location=(this.options[this.selectedindex].value);"
name="gotopage"&gt;&lt;option
value="<http://women.sohu.com/20100909/n274796293.shtml>" selected&gt;Page 1:
also on a married advertising director?&lt;/option&gt;&lt;option
value="<http://women.sohu.com/20100909/n274796293_1.shtml>" &gt;Page 2: some
people think the whole linjiaxin or no smoke without
fire?&lt;/option&gt;&lt;option
value="<http://women.sohu.com/20100909/n274796293_2.shtml>" &gt;Page 3:
YuanJianWei who is it? Linjiaxin like how to
man?&lt;/option&gt;&lt;/select&gt;September 09 day/NO. 248

The reporter said the headlines daily "so" defamation "artist, star hao
company will not take what kind of measures, LiuQing said:" in Hong Kong has
been in communication this matter ". More recently, sources
said,<http://www.oponlg.com/>, Lin jiaxin actually would have no and star hao
to renew and recent the reports and all realized inside information, suspected
star hao people inside the dissatisfaction of the forest for means, LiuQing to
this rumor also denies that, saying the agency contract also in star hao.

linjiaxin&lt;h3 class=jingbian06_02&gt;Linjiaxin on a married advertising
director?

According to information, YuanJianWei forties, served as Jacky cheung,
PengLing, zhou huimin stars such as director of the MV. The paper also the dow
is introduced by ChenGuangRong YuanJianWei didn_t know, because ChenGuangRong
once for YuanJianWei independent video "solve" responsible for a music issues.
The headlines daily also photographed linjiaxin and YuanJianWei in Hong Kong
before live with jardine mountain building photos. This year in March, two
people love affair after exposure, Lin jiaxin would fly to Canada says going
back to campus. But there are also said that, her last week also appeared in
India, apparently "learn" was said.

_

The violence from the entertainment industry out yesterday is for pregnant Ann
tire, a blockbuster again today, is a small director also small three.
Linjiaxin in Hong Kong actress in a very good reputation, the entertainment
circle thing never is a block half attack by surprise, Lin jiaxin when small
three pregnant avoid go it is Canada was deliberately set, or no smoke without
fire?

Actor wife called "don_t make my husband"

_

Related articles:

  * ["love is a chronic poison](http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#.22love_is_a_chronic_poison "http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#.22love_is_a_chronic_poison" )
  * [nervous reply big S message](http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Vivianllik#nervous_reply_big_S_message "http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Vivianllik#nervous_reply_big_S_message" )


##  her light said

According to Taiwan "this news" reports, yesterday, Vivian xu attend the
event, first big explosion from men live together, and said two people the
feeling good,[ghd ceramic flat iron](http://www.straightenermarket.com
"http://www.straightenermarket.com" ), often at home mirth, and then she and
said he only in happy drinking wine, are not happy is to rely on motion out
bad mood! Asked about cohabitation object? Vivian (Vivian xu) to smile to say:
"are good friends Enzo!" Vivian xu

In addition, Vivian yesterday incarnation Cupid, for female fans to the
boyfriend to marry him, call out the dalian line, but the other is suspected
by fraud group, to prove the identity, she sang the scene, after some do STH
over and over again, finally complete proposal mission,[Designer Handbags
Outlet](http://www.topluxuryhandbag.com/ "http://www.topluxuryhandbag.com/" )!
Vivian very touched, but to get married this matter, her light said: "marriage
is just a form, the everlasting is more important."

Eve, Vivan for charity gallery of photos exposure, everybody surprised she
curve super perfect, asked how to maintain figure?? She says besides motion,
but also go do lymphatic massage,[Gucci outlet
online](http://www.guccicollectionstore.com/
"http://www.guccicollectionstore.com/" ), but were immediately Enzo vomit
slot: "in the field will only heard she groan voice!" Enzo boom also said
Vivian xu had to drink loses memory! Vivian said after get drunk to describe a
lot of worry, they will ask friends: "how do you know, who_s to say?"

_

  

Related articles:

  * [Group is more](http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#Group_is_more "http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#Group_is_more" )
  * [p away arrived on the scene](http://bluejoe.csdb.cn/index.php/User:Vivianllil#p_away_arrived_on_the_scene "http://bluejoe.csdb.cn/index.php/User:Vivianllil#p_away_arrived_on_the_scene" )


##  have double very thoroughly

Comprehensive information times reported that the British government May 9,
world war ii memorial activities held in London win 65 years, Britain_s prince
Charles hosted on behalf of the queen. A serious of activities for the
minister of defense and but don_t want to princess camilla and add the funny
colour.

&lt;style&gt;contentA�š�����l { margin-top:2 px,��С:22 px } #
contentA������l���{�߽�:0;�ĵ�:0;���:20 px;} # contentA������l��Խ��{�ĵ�:4 px 4
px 0 25 px;�߶�:16 px;����:��;��ʾ:��;����:#��Э����url(<http://news.sohu.com/upl
oad/pagerevision20090916/to16.gif)no-repeat;�о�:16> px } #
contentA������l��Խ��һ��:hover { background-color:# e9eff3 } #
contentA������l����{����λ��:0 0 } # contentA������l��blg {����λ��:0 -25 px } #
contentA������l��ib {����λ��:0 -50 px }&lt;/style&gt;Forward to: sohu micro
bab society (0)

  

Camilla princess smiled to turn over prime minister_s wife umbrella or turn
not to come over at a loss, camilla then laugh_

On that day, the defense secretary Bob-Ann, has sat in the first row, the
right hand side is Mrs. Prince Charles camilla, the other side and the British
prime minister_s wife Sarah apart only one seat. Saturday_s London small
rain,[louis vuitton handbags outlet online](http://www.lvbestsellers.com/
"http://www.lvbestsellers.com/" ), camilla and Ann are hold up, has an
umbrella, camilla seems prescient, hold is big palace umbrella, and don_t be
afraid of wind blowing, bad defense minister is the key to support when it_s
black umbrella chain.

The wind has blown, the black umbrella immediately to look, blocking the Ann
wirth,, inducing a leg injury wheelchair merari card sees not kind to
immediately to laugh, Mrs. Brown is too accident, a side effects not over of
appearance, quickly go back a bit, wide-eyed surprise at Ann,[famous oil
paintings](http://www.oponlg.com/ "http://www.oponlg.com/" ), with his worth
fighting large umbrella. Ann has turned against the black umbrella, have
double very thoroughly, master a few "comfort,[Designer Handbags
Outlet](http://www.topluxuryhandbag.com/ "http://www.topluxuryhandbag.com/" ),
still refused to face to face with wind and rain, later, see the media take
pictures, camilla seems to realize yourself too unpretending, to get into face
hidden umbrella, has traveled with a smile on his face. This a fight with an
umbrella repeat attract the whole game, for the solemn ceremony add a relaxed
atmosphere.

Related articles:

  * ["love is a chronic poison](http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#.22love_is_a_chronic_poison "http://wiki.classdrive.net/index.php/User:Vivianllib#.22love_is_a_chronic_poison" )
  * [must still go out what mistake.](http://dpp.doctorpundit.com/index.php/User:Vivianllid#must_still_go_out_what_mistake. "http://dpp.doctorpundit.com/index.php/User:Vivianllid#must_still_go_out_what_mistake." )


##  prada Internet has a huge online store. . However

And lt; P&gt; Finally you have decided to invest in a copy of brand handbags,
but don_t know where to go the. . Sell pirated handbags, gucci, Blvgari, Louis
vuitton, Christian Loubotting, love MaShi, prada Internet has a huge online
store. . However, there are a few shops sell in the tunnel and the original
copy of the station. . &amp; lt; P&gt; You can_t think that no Jessicabags. Me
copy handbags. . The website has opened up a wonderful world,[and for long.
.](http://totalwomancommunity.4healthysoul.com/activity/p/18882/
"http://totalwomancommunity.4healthysoul.com/activity/p/18882/" ),[Christian
louboutin sneakers](http://www.clbestsellers.com
"http://www.clbestsellers.com" ), incomparable quality and style of copy, you
will like the lovely works to all hung fine leather and fabrics. . From the
rich and colorful piece of series Popincourt cute and lt; P&gt; Copy of LV
characteristic, here is all about class and elegance. . You can try a Louis
vuitton cowboy_s new Cabby handbags, or a Gucci marrakech copy. . Famous brand
trademark handbags, won_t cost you too much. You may (in Jessicabags. Me
mindboggling price of the classic copy. Reference into their elegant, no
matter where you go,[famous oil paintings](http://www.oponlg.com/
"http://www.oponlg.com/" ), you are set in the crowd differences. . Various
&amp; lt; P&gt; A in all sizes replica of handbags and is in Jessicabags.
Provide me. . Copy of the ancient Snaffle bag, with plenty of liquid ruffled,
or a small Gucci single shoulder bag a political party or function of the ISA
good fittings. . Highlight your appearance with elegant Gucci mark
necklace,[For any trend understanding of
women](http://caju.fernandosantana.net/blogs/posts/vivianllij
"http://caju.fernandosantana.net/blogs/posts/vivianllij" ), become the Bvlgari
write silver ring, adds a extra ZING and enthusiasm. . 1 ChristianLouboutin
bare skin "PiJiaEr Plato" pump completed. . Exclusive copy handbags, also be
extremely good gift to your loved ones. . Collect outstanding copy designer
handbags, can easily cherish for a long time, because you can boast of variety
and quality at the same time. And lt; P&gt; Double handle Spazzolato leather
handbag and fluent external open with sparkling is what,[christian louboutin
outlet](http://www.clbestsellers.com "http://www.clbestsellers.com" ), you
will have a dream. Have a life time. . Here is a very good chance, now the
luxurious Prada are you. . Jessicabags found in the luxuriant love MaShi
Evelyn copy. . MaShi sole love a few clutch, this is the real one, you can_t
do without envy eyes turned to it through it. . Carry a love MaShi kelly or
Jyspiere handbags to your office, your peers will die of this one. . &amp; lt;
P&gt; Jessicabags. Provide me a fine ably copy of handbags are great price is
certain places to visit. . Don_t get about the brand value of hesitation, you
only want to buy the latest Louis vuitton handbags in the concept of the
Internet. . They to packing has good quality and a better deal. Reference.  


##  people may not need a bag

And lt; P&gt; If one is in the search, in order to get false Coach handbags,
by reading this a most must know how to identify the copy Coach handbags. . In
fact, if you really feel like the fake handbags and leather bag, and this can
help to distinguish between them. . Most all over the world and fashionable
fashionable women want to have in any case, the coach handbags, should be one
of their collection. . This is the manager_s reason is that,[but in the form
of a garment. The swimsuit completely using nylon
fabric](http://www.jjpuke.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=311565
"http://www.jjpuke.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=311565" ),[christian
louboutin outlet](http://www.clbestsellers.com "http://www.clbestsellers.com"
), when we talk about lady high fashion like most one of the brand. . Also has
a lot of top class brand, but if you talk about the handbag, coach handbags to
immediate mind. . Don_t they just added elegant fashionable sense, they are
very stand, people may not need a bag, only when a like changing handbags
reference each year, so how to set, in addition to false Coach handbags.
Authentic? . Well,[GHD flat iron](http://www.straightenermarket.com
"http://www.straightenermarket.com" ), this is not the correct generic, but as
a coach of advanced products, not eager to mess up image, unless,[Gucci
handbags outlet](http://www.guccicollectionstore.com/
"http://www.guccicollectionstore.com/" ), of course, if you don_t have enough
money, but still want to appear like thousands of dollars. . Copies of wallet
and coach handbags is lack of quality, the price is low, anyone can pay for
their money. . Start, people can through the check their signature materials,
found that these fake. . Every real Coach handbags in their here have a
separate C sign; Can easily judge it isn_t true. . After this, have to check
out the joining together of excellence completed work. . If it is true, it is
joining together of poor quality of evidence. And lt; BR&gt; Is it a sign of
the state. . False Coach handbags have a from Asian countries such as South
Korea but didn_t get basic cheat, if people see any place on the vanity of the
sign of the tendency of Chinese production. . Recently, China is a safe place
to outsourcing jobs and coach designers do subcontract,[you will also is very
good-looking](http://www.corsetstyles.com/activity/p/926/
"http://www.corsetstyles.com/activity/p/926/" ), these plastic bags will be
printed said, manufacturers in China_s a symbol of reason, and with them. .
This need to place few coach design, must be conscious. . If the handbag
handle is plastic, it is false. . In the earlier period, people can easily
distinguish simply read through if they series Numbers from a fake a real
coach handbags. . Recently, hasty decision makers have been confirmed that
even the number of repeat the sequence, and they are the real cycle. . All
things considered, still can obtain false COACH bag bag, if the budget does
not allow you to and real money. Reference.  


##  2009 new accumulation

And lt; P&gt; Louis vuitton handbags is a recognized name of actor so much
discussion of the free woman. . I admit that have never seen any accept not
heard of the company to the woman now. . They finish in the market the best
equipment and top of the demand. . Even admit that cost is high, the actual
bags will continue to abide by and considering the price. . Their new 2009
years of experience and human live in food and online, in order to obtain
their respect a. . The polymerization of equipment is produced by duke
university many famous people accept and the top of the domestication. . You
can copy the handbag now this absolute takeover is a prototype of indigenous
and affordable layman. . Refer to this is not a simple body accept the
position, through many years of planning and offer more difficult to complete
the army, Louis vuitton handbags free and most acceptable. . Their best the
domestication and appropriate in different modern style is reduced after they
poison. . Their best in market of accumulation and ultimately humans got
appreciate appear the company. . After years of appetite and NanChuan, the
polymerization of complete the location, they are unique. . The pain is copy
rights into reality handbag, it is difficult to analyze their from the
absolute. . Human is usually live in the difference of the imitation of the
people. . Reference gathered affairs baggage into the market. . Now, they are
vaulted design is in the world of human beings. . Marc Jacobs is their artists
and academician off at a gallop, 2009 new accumulation, this will be the visit
hearing a few months. . This is a difficult situation Louis vuitton handbags
and soon they can get out. . When you absorption funds, do obey the law, you
buy is part of the indigenous peoples and copy the handbag not abate.
Sometimes you can purchase a fake, but ability is the batch account you
absorb, you can_t have a brand of a piece of law-abiding equipment. . There
are many techniques reference network will suggest you analysis Louis vuitton
handbags on access. . They make leather,[lovely baby
face](http://roncsderby.com/blogs/posts/vivianllit
"http://roncsderby.com/blogs/posts/vivianllit" ),[GHD flat
iron](http://www.straightenermarket.com "http://www.straightenermarket.com" ),
crocodile, cookies or lamb and actual expensive. . It_s boring and bending
blow up, does not like handbag fast version violations. . Absolutely some
bonds is absolute, and you will be unable to points out,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.lvbestsellers.com/ "http://www.lvbestsellers.com/" ),[Carla
opera season](http://afridf.org/mconsole/blogs/entry/Della-s
"http://afridf.org/mconsole/blogs/entry/Della-s" ), even defects. . Have blind
is dressed up, or abnormal suture of the obvious on indigenous bag. . Will
this is placed on each package, to complete their authentic sign. . The sign
each package will have off color in appearance or size. . They do not match
the emission reduction benefits and the acquiescence of their bag buy complete
auction. . Online Louis vuitton handbags is every woman of the deep
admiration. . They visit absorption funds,[Christian louboutin
sneakers](http://www.clbestsellers.com "http://www.clbestsellers.com" ), in
order to obtain the company_s aboriginal festival. . Keep these skills, your
digestion and adjustment of the part you don_t get copies handbags. . This is
a backpack a Louis vuitton bags in the town about pride and the attributes of
the account. .  

