As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# 1073 in 2005

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![Taurus stacking a tetra](/media/thumb/f/fe/1073_taurus1.jpg/250px-
1073_taurus1.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1073_taurus1.jpg "Taurus stacking a tetra"
)

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1073_taurus1.jpg "Enlarge" )

Taurus stacking a tetra

**Taurus** was the [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) built by Team [1073](/index.php/1073 "1073" ) in 2005 for [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" ). The team developed their most ambitious design yet, all the while sporting their new blue and white tie-dye shirts and under the primary leadership of senior members. 

## Contents

  * 1 Pre-build
  * 2 Build
  * 3 Accomplishments
    * 3.1 Manchester Regional 2005
  * 4 Robot
    * 4.1 Robot Functions
    * 4.2 Robot Strategy  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Pre-build" )]

## Pre-build

Before the season began, the previous team coach retired, leaving leadership
responsibilities to four [mentors](/index.php/Mentor "Mentor" ) known as the
"Three Amigos" (the fourth joined after the term was coined). Even so, without
a definite leadership role, the team risked collapse as the Amigos all
represented differing parts of the team. It was through student leadership and
seniors taking up the mantle of management that the team not only survived,
but prevailed.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Build" )]

## Build

Team FORCE learned from its experiences during the [previous
year](/index.php/Scorpius_%281073%29 "Scorpius \(1073\)" ) about how to go
about designing the robot and the Design team was given full clearance to
design the robot with only essential input from the Strategy team, which
proved to be vastly better for everyone involved. Given the challenge of the
game, Design rose to it and developed a robot far more ambitious than the
previous two designs. A major component was the use of pneumatics, which would
figure heavily into the new design. By the end of the first week, a concept
had been created and the entire team was on track with a design to work with.

While the Controls team created a new control interface and a color-sensing
camera to seek the vision tetra, the Design team plowed ahead at a blistering
pace and created a CAD model of the entire robot in record time. The season
was off to a fantastic start, perhaps even the goal of building a full-size
practice robot could be met. Alas, that was not to be the case: the winter of
2005 turned out to be particularly brutal and _five_ days were lost due to
snow days during school, which thus prohibit extracurricular activities.
Nevertheless, the team made do with what time was available and built a
complete robot faster than ever before. However, disaster struck one evening
while testing the robot's pneumatics and arm-lifting mechanics when the cast-
iron elbow gear broke a few teeth, rendering itself worthless. Fortunately,
one of the selfless mentors braved a blizzard for several hours to purchase
stainless steel replacements in Massachusetts.

The robot was completed on time, but the snow days caused such a delay as to
effectively prevent any practice before it was shipped. Considering how much
more complicated this robot was than in previous years, the practice day
during the competition would be even more valuable than before.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

## Accomplishments

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Manchester Regional 2005" )]

### Manchester Regional 2005

_general description of how it went_

  * Seeding 
  * Elimination rounds 

**Awards**

  * [Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award](/index.php/Underwriter%27s_Laboratories_Industrial_Safety_Award "Underwriter's Laboratories Industrial Safety Award" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Robot" )]

## Robot

[![Screenshot of Taurus CAD model](/media/thumb/b/b0/1073taurusscreenshot.jpg
/180px-1073taurusscreenshot.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1073taurusscreenshot.jpg
"Screenshot of Taurus CAD model" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1073taurusscreenshot.jpg "Enlarge" )

Screenshot of _Taurus_ CAD model

For Triple Play, team came up with a design that included more actuators than
ever before and pneumatics. A very tall robot was designed, standing close to
the maximum 60 inches in its folded position. During gameplay, the robot,
named Taurus because it resembled a bull while folded, would unfold using a
24-inch pneumatic cylinder attached to an arm at its "shoulder." A motor at
its "elbow" would continue the motion, extending a grabber mechanism at its
"wrist," which was also articulated with a pneumatic cylinder. The grabber
itself used a third cylinder to open and close PVC-covered claws, used to pick
up tetras during the game (it was these claws that gave the robot its bull-
like appearance while folded). Fully extended, the robot could reach eleven
feet in the air! During the competition, it became clear that the grabber
mechanism was not working as intended, partially due to the lack of practice
after numerous snow days in the weeks before. The grabber was removed and
replaced with a simple hook cobbled together of former grabber pieces. This
proved to be very helpful and helped allow the team to finish 15th out of 51
teams.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Robot Functions" )]

### Robot Functions

  * Pneumatic lifting for raising tetras 
  * Pneumatic grabber for grasping tetras 
  * Two drive wheels and two casters for manueverability 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Robot Strategy" )]

### Robot Strategy

  * Stack up to two tetras at one time 
  * Pick up tetras from human player 
  * Pick up tetras off the ground 
  * Manueverability 
  * Stability 

[![Image:LinkFA-star.png](/media/6/60/LinkFA-star.png)](/index.php/Image
:LinkFA-star.png "Image:LinkFA-star.png" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/1073_in_2005>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=1073_in_2005
"Special:Categories" ): [Featured
articles](/index.php/Category:Featured_articles "Category:Featured articles" )
| [1073](/index.php/Category:1073 "Category:1073" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/1073_in_2005)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:1073_in_2005&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=1073_in_2005)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/1073_in_2005)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/1073_in_2005)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=1073_in_2005&oldid=80747)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:58, 9 July 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 3,730 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

