As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# User talk:Member

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Template:Featureimage
  * 2 In case you were wondering
  * 3 Looonnnggg Time
  * 4 FYI
  * 5 Coloring for welcome template
  * 6 Away until the 13th
  * 7 Just an update  
---  
  

##  [Template:Featureimage](/index.php/Template:Featureimage
"Template:Featureimage" )

I have made a template for feature images that hopefully we can include on the
Main Page. Feel free to fix it up as much as you'd like. Also, I moved the
template for featured articles over to
[Template:Featurearticle](/index.php/Template:Featurearticle
"Template:Featurearticle" ). Congrats again on becoming a sysop, you deserved
it. =). --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 22:59, 14 June 2011
(EDT)

    Cool. I like your revisions. [Member](/index.php/User:Member "User:Member" ) 23:45, 14 June 2011 (EDT) 


##  In case you were wondering

Still constantly poking my partner Ben to update the software, I promise I
hate waiting as much as you do! --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry
"User:Hallry" ) 17:15, 26 June 2011 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Member&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Looonnnggg Time" )]

##  Looonnnggg Time

Hi again! Unfortuneately work and boy scout camp has kept me from being on
here as much as I'd like, but Ben has in fact been investigating updating the
software. There was some problem with the PHP version, but he has notified
Brandon (who runs ChiefDelphi, which hosts this site), and he is looking into
it. I'm trying my best to get back on here as much as possible, sorry for the
absence! --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 12:24, 16 July 2011
(EDT)

    Also just want to say thank you very much for changing the featured image and article for the front page, it looks great! --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 12:26, 16 July 2011 (EDT) 


##  FYI

I created a [welcome template](/index.php/Template:Welcome "Template:Welcome"
) filled with resources for new users, so if you see in the recent changes
anyone editing a page who has a blank user talk page, please edit their's with
simply `{{subst:Welcome}}`

You don't even have to sign. [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" )
19:58, 25 July 2011 (EDT)

    thanks! [Member](/index.php/User:Member "User:Member" ) 22:22, 25 July 2011 (EDT) 

    No problem, thanks for your help =) [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 22:28, 25 July 2011 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Member&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Coloring for welcome template" )]

##  Coloring for welcome template

I had it as red, white, and blue to correspond with the colors of the FIRST
logo...what do you think? --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" )
00:15, 7 August 2011 (EDT)


##  Away until the 13th

I'm going to be away until the 13th starting tomorrow morning, so if you can
just make sure to check the recent changes once or twice a day and revert any
spam. Brandon's still in the process of upgrading the site, and I'm having Ben
check his email for when Brandon is done so he can update the rest of the
software. [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 00:15, 7 August 2011
(EDT)

    no problem. [Member](/index.php/User:Member "User:Member" ) 02:08, 7 August 2011 (EDT) 

    Back from camp, and you did an AWESOME job dealing with the spam. No email back from Brandon yet =/ --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 16:06, 13 August 2011 (EDT) 


##  Just an update

Good call on updating the announcement template. Brandon has moved the wiki
over to a new server, so now we're working on upgrading the rest of the
software. I am also looking into getting a creating a countdown until Kickoff.
--[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 20:32, 4 September 2011
(CDT)

