As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRST culture

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&action=edit" ) to make
a significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
  
The **FIRST subculture** is based largely on the idea of [gracious
professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious
professionalism" ), extending from the more general [FIRST
philosophy](/index.php/FIRST_philosophy "FIRST philosophy" ). FIRST is largely
made up into the culture by the people who occupy it (see
[FIRSTers](/index.php?title=FIRSTers&action=edit "FIRSTers" )).

The FIRST community is surprisingly tight knit for a group so widely spread
across the country. Part of what makes this unity are uniquely FIRST inside
jokes (see [FIRST humor](/index.php/FIRST_humor "FIRST humor" )) and other
traditions. It is not uncommon for
[FIRSTers](/index.php?title=FIRSTers&action=edit "FIRSTers" ) to meet via
[ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ) or some other online
communication and then arrange meetings at [Regionals](/index.php/Regional
"Regional" ) or in non-FIRST related activities.

_See also:_ [FIRST philosophy](/index.php/FIRST_philosophy "FIRST philosophy"
)

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_culture>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_culture
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[FIRST culture](/index.php/Category:FIRST_culture "Category:FIRST culture" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_culture)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRST_culture&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_culture)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_culture)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_culture)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_culture&oldid=75550)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:59, 14 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 7,472 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

