# Creating a non-profit organization

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_None of the information below is legal advice, and it should not be construed
as such._

Teams can become legally recognized non-profit organizations.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-
profit_organization&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Legal Issues" )]

##  Legal Issues

There are a few methods to becoming legally "non-profit" and using the non-
profit categorization to the team's benefit.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-
profit_organization&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: School-wide" )]

###  School-wide

All public schools have non-profit status. School-administered teams can get
the permission of the school to use its Tax ID. This Tax ID indicates the non-
profit status of the whole school. When sponsors use this to verify your non-
profit status, however, their money will be going to the school as a whole.
This might be discouraging for some sponsors. This method is almost always
cost-free.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-
profit_organization&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: Incorporation" )]

###  Incorporation

_The information in this section will vary somewhat from state-to-state.
Washington State is used as an example._

Incorporation allows the team to be collectively owned, instead of owned by
specific people. It allows the team to continue operations, even if one of the
major entities (person or people) leave the corporation. Of all the business
structures, this one allows the most flexibility and shows the most
professionalism. It is also the most enticing for a prospective sponsor, since
they know that their money will be used for the specific cause they intend it
to be used. Once a team becomes a non-profit corporation, it is completely
independent of the school(s) it is from. However, incorporation is also the
most expensive method of becoming a non-profit organization, with one-time
fees of about $200 and periodic license renewal fees. The process of becoming
a corporation is complicated and long. First, one must file an application to
start a business with the secretary of state's office. After that, a license
for incorporation must be obtained from the state's department of licensing.
If the team has students/adults from more than one state, it may need to apply
with the federal government also.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Creating_a_non-
profit_organization>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Creating_a_non-
profit_organization "Special:Categories" ): [How-to](/index.php/Category:How-
to "Category:How-to" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Creating_a_non-profit_organization)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Creating_a_non-profit_organization&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-profit_organization&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-profit_organization&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Creating_a_non-profit_organization)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Creating_a_non-profit_organization)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Creating_a_non-profit_organization)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-profit_organization&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Creating_a_non-profit_organization&oldid=39438)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:04, 6 July 2004.
  * This page has been accessed 1,332 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

