As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:Community decisions

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * **Community decisions**
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Current Issues
    * 1.1 Redesign of Templates
    * 1.2 Merge Incomplete List Templates?
    * 1.3 Parts of a Control System Out-of-Date
    * 1.4 547 Member Pages
    * 1.5 Poorly Named Files
    * 1.6 Project Header Templates
    * 1.7 FTC Events
    * 1.8 Competitions
  * 2 Resolved Issues
    * 2.1 Uploading files
    * 2.2 Inspiration, Recognition, Science, and Technology Pages
    * 2.3 Game
    * 2.4 Drivetrain
  * 3 Relatively Old Issues
    * 3.1 FIRSTWiki Trashed (Admins please read)
    * 3.2 New Logo Vote?
    * 3.3 Feature article
    * 3.4 Template vs. inter-wiki link
    * 3.5 Common edit summary notation  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=1
"Edit section: Current Issues" )]

# Current Issues

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=2
"Edit section: Redesign of Templates" )]

## Redesign of Templates

I'm getting sick of seeing templates throughout (particularly header notices)
FIRSTwiki that look completely different from each other. Looking through the
template list I noticed that most of them can easily be consolidated as well.
I'm going to start working on creating a signal mainstream "look and feel" for
official announcement headers, and deleting the ones that I believe are
useless at this point. If anyone has any objections/suggestion to this speak
your word now; otherwise I'm going to start on it first thing in the morning.
[Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 00:09, 27 May 2011 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=3
"Edit section: Merge Incomplete List Templates?" )]

## Merge Incomplete List Templates?

While going through the templates today, I noticed that [Template:Incomplete-
list](/index.php/Template:Incomplete-list "Template:Incomplete-list" ) and
[Template:Incomplete-lists](/index.php/Template:Incomplete-lists "Template
:Incomplete-lists" ) are very similar. I think there should just be one
([Template:Incomplete-lists](/index.php/Template:Incomplete-lists "Template
:Incomplete-lists" )) unless the former should be kept and renamed Template
:Incomplete-list-suttle? Thoughts? [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD
"User:TannerLD" ) 10:26, 23 March 2010 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=4
"Edit section: Parts of a Control System Out-of-Date" )]

## Parts of a Control System Out-of-Date

[Parts_of_a_control_system](/index.php/Parts_of_a_control_system "Parts of a
control system" ) is way out of date (at least, 2 years now with all the new
stuff). I can update it though I'm unsure where to put the old stuff to. Sure,
it could go under a "old stuff" heading of sorts, but it's still a lot
especially with red links. Thoughts [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD
"User:TannerLD" ) 19:39, 19 March 2010 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=5
"Edit section: 547 Member Pages" )]

## 547 Member Pages

I keep stumbling upon "random person pages" on FIRSTWiki. Found out that
[547](/index.php/547 "547" ) has about 3-5 of these, in various states of
development, but have a paragraph or two of information. I don't really feel
like deleting who know's how old information about a member on a team.
Compromise? [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 08:16, 18
March 2010 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=6
"Edit section: Poorly Named Files" )]

## Poorly Named Files

I know its not something we all want to face, but it needs to be dealt with,
[Category:Poorly_named](/index.php/Category:Poorly_named "Category:Poorly
named" ). Should I just start going through and renaming files and changing
the linking articles. A lot of these pictures could be useful if they had good
names to link to. [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 21:32, 15
March 2010 (EDT)

    Yep, though it might be worth cranking out a [FIRSTWiki:Image use policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Image_use_policy "FIRSTwiki:Image use policy" ) first or doing it while we figure things out. I'm not sure how the old/new versions of MW do things, but it might be worth adding something to the summary field for people to search for as I'm unsure whether or not MW searches the file name. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 06:19, 16 March 2010 (EDT) 

    Was going through the list (or at least starting) and noticed not very many are linked by any articles. I'm not sure what to do other than mark them for delete (not much use collecting dust). *was wondering how to rename a file* Doesn't seem like theres much of a way to rename a file other than deleting the current file and uploading a new one. Kinda annoying, but luckily there are not too many. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 21:40, 16 March 2010 (EDT) 

    Was doing stuff on my personal wiki and noticed that in the newest version of MW you **can** move files (ergo, renaming them) without doing any download and reuploading. Guess we'll just have to wait until the latest updated is installed. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 09:25, 23 March 2010 (EDT) 
    Going to starting cranking out on this. Our files are awful. Period. A lot of them can be deleted, and most of them need to be renamed. [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 00:12, 27 May 2011 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=7
"Edit section: Project Header Templates" )]

## Project Header Templates

What do you guys think about standardizing the template for the project
notices at the top of the page. Im thinking something like
[Template:stub](/index.php/Template:Stub "Template:Stub" ), with the same
background, size, content and what nots? This will help with constancy when
jumping around articles in the wiki. [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean
"User:Boydean" ) 17:03, 14 March 2010 (EDT)

    I think it'd be good. Would certainly help clean things up and make it look more professional. Plus it looks more organized when there are three different notices at the top of pages. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 18:06, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=8
"Edit section: FTC Events" )]

## FTC Events

The [Index_of_events_(FTC)](/index.php/Index_of_events_%28FTC%29 "Index of
events \(FTC\)" ) page is quite old and I'm not really sure how it should be
best organized with all the FTC events (since it is so easy to host one,
relatively speaking). At least that is what [FIRST's
page](http://usfirst.org/whatsgoingon.aspx
"http://usfirst.org/whatsgoingon.aspx" ) gives me. I was going to use the [FLL
events page](/index.php/Category:FLL_Events "Category:FLL Events" ) as a
example, but it is not very developed. Thoughts?
[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 20:45, 13 March 2010 (EST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=9
"Edit section: Competitions" )]

## Competitions

On [Competitions](/index.php/Competitions "Competitions" ), don't FLL and FTC
have championships as well? Then shouldn't they have said pages for that?
[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 20:50, 13 March 2010 (EST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=10
"Edit section: Resolved Issues" )]

# Resolved Issues

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=11
"Edit section: Uploading files" )]

## Uploading files

I can't upload files. The upload page says "The upload directory
(/data/wiki/public_html/media) is not writable by the webserver."
[Kamocat](/index.php/User:Kamocat "User:Kamocat" ) 02:13, 23 July 2010 (EDT)

This does not appear to be a current issue: several people have managed to
upload without problem. [Nathan Hui](/index.php/User:Nathan_Hui "User:Nathan
Hui" ) 23:17, 19 February 2012 (CST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=12
"Edit section: Inspiration, Recognition, Science, and Technology Pages" )]

## Inspiration, Recognition, Science, and Technology Pages

**Discussion moved to [Talk:FIRST](/index.php/Talk:FIRST "Talk:FIRST" )** [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 22:58, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

Noticed the [Inspiration](/index.php/Inspiration "Inspiration" ),
[Recognition](/index.php/Recognition "Recognition" ),
[Science](/index.php/Science "Science" ), and
[Technology](/index.php/Technology "Technology" ) pages from the
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) article. They don't seem very useful to me
and I'm not sure what would be added there. Kinda obvious isn't it? Recommend
they be removed unless there's something to fill 'em with.
[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 20:56, 14 March 2010 (EDT)

    Agreed, we can change the links on the [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) article to point to the wikipedia pages. [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 22:04, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

    eerr, or we could link to the wiktionary articles....I'll go ahead and do that [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 22:24, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

     What about linking all four of them to a single "[FIRST (acronym)](/index.php?title=FIRST_%28acronym%29&action=edit "FIRST \(acronym\)" )" page, where we could break down the name, reasoning, and vision behind it, from that page, we could also have links to each words corresponding wiktionary articles. [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 22:28, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=13
"Edit section: Game" )]

## Game

Noticed how the [Game](/index.php/Game "Game" ) page is kinda solely focused
on FRC. I think this page should be a disambiguation page, and the pages for
the FRC and FTC could be named "Games (FRC)". I only think it should be plural
as it's on one game nor the current game. It shouldn't be a page that we have
to keep updating if it doesn't need to be. a "Games (FLL)" could link to "FLL
Challenges". That ok for everyone? Just wanted to make sure as it involves
moving things around and having some pages that link to those pages.
[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 20:30, 15 March 2010 (EDT)

    I think its fine, make a lot more since. [Boydean](/index.php/User:Boydean "User:Boydean" ) 21:17, 15 March 2010 (EDT) 

    Cool, I get started on that today after robotics. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 06:19, 16 March 2010 (EDT) 

    Pretty much did it, though I left the [FLL Challenges](/index.php/FLL_Challenges "FLL Challenges" ) as it was as it's kinda unique in it's name. Though I still created a [Game (FLL)](/index.php/Game_%28FLL%29 "Game \(FLL\)" ) just for consistency sake. [Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 20:51, 16 March 2010 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=14
"Edit section: Drivetrain" )]

## Drivetrain

Isn't "drivetrain" one word, not two? It's annoying the heck out of me.
[Google
agree's](http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=drive+train
"http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=drive+train" ).
Should fix so pages like [drive train](/index.php/Drive_train "Drive train" )
follow.[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 21:52, 13 March
2010 (EST)

  * Fixed [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 22:16, 14 March 2010 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=15
"Edit section: Relatively Old Issues" )]

# Relatively Old Issues

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=16
"Edit section: FIRSTWiki Trashed \(Admins please read\)" )]

## FIRSTWiki Trashed (Admins please read)

Wow, the wiki got totally trashed. My proposal would be that we find the date
when the trashing started (looks like somewhere around October 8th) and
rollback the entire wiki to that date. There may be some edits lost, but the
wiki has not seen a lot of action (at least from real users) lately so
shouldn't be too much lost.  
  

**I tried restoring some of the pages, but there is just too much!**\- [PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" )

  
List of all trashed pages

[hackedpages](http://www.firstwiki.org/index.php?title=Special:Search&ns0=1&ns
9=1&ns11=1&redirs=0&searchx=1&search=%5Bhttp%3A%2F%2FWTHP1.coolhost.biz%5D+%5B
WTHPD1%5D%5D&limit=500&offset=0 "http://www.firstwiki.org/index.php?title=Spec
ial:Search&ns0=1&ns9=1&ns11=1&redirs=0&searchx=1&search=%5Bhttp%3A%2F%2FWTHP1.
coolhost.biz%5D+%5BWTHPD1%5D%5D&limit=500&offset=0"
)[Denman](/index.php/User:Denman "User:Denman" ) 11:26, 11 Oct 2005 (EDT) I
don't know how to restore so i can't i'm afraid

    Denman, I redid your search on all subdomains - I think I got everything now. For anyone else looking in though I'd like to point out what appears to be a bug in the History and Editing screens. When I would go to a particular page in the history, and then click Edit, I would not see the same page in the Edit Screen. Usually I would have to go one page farther back and then click Edit. In other words, when you go to a History page and click edit you actually see the NEXT page in the history on the edit screen which is very confusing and a real pain for someone trying to restore pages. Perhaps someone can help me validate that is a bug and help fix it? - [PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=17
"Edit section: New Logo Vote?" )]

## New Logo Vote?

Can we vote for a logo? It's been awhile since anything happened over there.
--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )
14:21, 22 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Maybe I'm mistaken ... but wasn't there consensus on the puzzle-ball logo? As for which revision, I imagine it should be the one with our current logo. Further discussion can take place at [FIRSTwiki:Logo candidates](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Logo_candidates "FIRSTwiki:Logo candidates" ). --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 14:29, 22 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Actually, we were waiting on some more logos, specifically from Phrontist's graphics class where there was supposed to be a couple of students working on logos. After we get a few more logos, we will have a vote in [FIRSTwiki:nominations for adminship](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Nominations_for_adminship "FIRSTwiki:Nominations for adminship" ) style --[209.158.180.130](/index.php?title=User:209.158.180.130&action=edit "User:209.158.180.130" ) 14:49, 22 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

It's been over a month....I move for a vote, and I also move that until such
time as a vote shall be held, the Temp logo (2.1) be replaced with the puzzle
ball logo, revision 3 (2.4.3). --[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch
"User:Goobergunch" ) 17:04, 6 Aug 2004 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=18
"Edit section: Feature article" )]

## Feature article

Okay, well let's try this. A featured article can stay up for 4 days. We can
store previous articles on [FIRSTwiki:Featured
articles](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_articles "FIRSTwiki:Featured articles"
). To decide on a new article, it would be nice to have at least 2 users voice
some concern ... but lacking that, any sysop can make the decision. Once a
page is featured, it should be removed from [FIRSTwiki:Featured article
candidates](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Featured_article_candidates
"FIRSTwiki:Featured article candidates" ). In order to keep this going, I'm
going to make the bold statement that if you put a page up for featured
status, you should seriously consider completing another article. (Though, to
nominate a page, you certainly don't have to have contributed to it ... you
only have to think it is really good.) --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls
"User:Mrawls" ) 15:08, 20 Jun 2004 (EDT)

* * *

There's not so much completed content available for a feature article as per
wikipedia, so I think some talk is in order about what we want it to be at
this early stage. I see it as a place where we can show off our better
articles, hopefully getting them some edits and us good attention from the
FIRST community. So, the question of when do we consider an article ready for
**featured** status is important -- must it be complete
([PBASIC](/index.php/PBASIC "PBASIC" ) currently is not, but I wanted to see
what a page with a picture would show up as ... someone is free to change it
if they wish). Must the page be prim and proper? Currently we have a candidate
page, but no one really adds to it, and no one really fixes the articles
there.

So, do we want a featured article ... when do we consider an article worthy
... how often should the article be updated ... and how should the article
that is to be displayed, be decided? All these are important decisions to
make. Keep in mind that this policy is for the current, and not only can it
change in the future, it probably should. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls
"User:Mrawls" ) 12:51, 17 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    How many pages on here are complete? I'd say update the nominees page w/summeries and write a perl to choose/update. --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 16:30, 17 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    I assume you mean a perl script? I don't think that would be idea. We want human interaction here. The nominations will (should) be updated prior to being featured ... and we want to take in some comment from other users. (The update is more than giving an intro, which the articles *should* already have; it involves editing, fixing spelling mistakes, adding content, re-structuring/organizing if necessary, etc.) I do think we need to decide how long an article should be up and establish procedure for changing it. But I think that procedure should involve human control. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 18:24, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

It's been more then 4 days since the FF page has been the Feature article ;).
I think it's time for a change. --[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz
"User:Sciencewhiz" ) 10:33, 23 Jul 2004 (EDT)

    Yeah; in fact, it's **still** the Featured Article.... --[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) 17:04, 6 Aug 2004 (EDT) 

    How about [Kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" )? (That's where [Special:Randompage](/index.php/Special:Randompage "Special:Randompage" ) took me) --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 17:17, 6 Aug 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=19
"Edit section: Template vs. inter-wiki link" )]

## Template vs. inter-wiki link

I noticed that we started switching from using [[wikipedia:]]-style linking to
{{wikipedia2|}}-style linking. I was wondering why? Is this just to try out
templates, or was there some reason why the old style wasn't good enough? Let
me complain, for a bit, lacking an answer presently ... The new style does not
resemble any of our current links, and is potentially confusing to newer users
(and me). The old was fine, so as they say, if it ain't broke, why fix it. And
as I saw on another page, too many templates isn't the most effecient, plus
you seem to be limited to 5 for the time being. Now, is there is any "pro" to
the issue? In summary, (not abbreviated though ;), change is bad ...
--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 09:38, 17 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Hmm, I didn't think about the confusing to new users part. I think that swings me over to the normal interwiki links. It definitley is useful that the wikipedia and CD links are identified clearly, but I think we should go with a simpler (en.wikipedia.org) or (chiefdelphi.com). --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 13:11, 17 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    I don't think that wikipedia links should use the template, but it's nice for chiefdelphi. Perhaps one for firstrobotics.net would be good also. However, I don't like the fact that you have to use different templates for links with alternate text (is that the right term?). If it can be fixed so that you don't have to do it, I'd say go for it with CD, but leave the wikipedia links alone. --[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz "User:Sciencewhiz" ) 12:55, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    That sounds reasonable, though I think it would be best if all the links were of the same style. But I do want to get one thing straight from [Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ). I believe that inter-wiki links are just shorthands that are listed in some file, and that adding additional links (e.g., for CD) would be as simple as adding a single line mapping [[Chiefdelphi:]] to a particular URL -- though I'm by no means familiar with the mediawiki code ... that's just a guess. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 13:32, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    

    If that's the case, that should definetly be done, rather then the templates. --[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz "User:Sciencewhiz" ) 13:48, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) See here: [Interwiki_links](http://meta.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interwiki_links "http://meta.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interwiki_links" ) \--[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz "User:Sciencewhiz" ) 13:55, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    

    Sciencewhiz, you are correct and I think thats a nice convenient idea except for one possible consideration: Mrawls, they are just shorthand now, but future versions of mediawiki (and other wikis getting in on the interwiki action) are going to try to have some features that make interwiki links more. I believe I have heard things like interwiki "what links here" and other stuff. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 01:45, 20 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

I created the templates so that Wikipedia links would look different than
intra-FIRSTwiki links. The ChiefDelphi links show the CD links different from
other links AND lets you just type in the CD thread # (or forum # using
Astro's template CDForum) and not the whole URL.
--[SilverStar](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" )

    But why is looking different good? [[wikipedia:something]] seems sufficiently different from [[something]] that I think most people will understand what each does rather intuitively. But if we start introducing an entirely new syntax ({{ instead of [[), then it introduces confusion. If difference is the only reason for using them, and difference seems like a major reason *not* to use them, I think the practice should be abrogated. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 18:28, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

Since MediaWiki is opensource, and the parser has to have a section for
interwiki links, why not insert a little thing to add those images? (If max
could send me the code, I might be able to stumble through it enough to figure
out where) --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303
"User:Astronouth7303" ) 16:03, 18 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Modifying the parser to inline a little image in code is definitley not a pretty way to do it. Hardcoding in something like that is probably the easiest way off the bat, but, I think the proper way is to setup MediaWiki:InterwikiName or Template:InterwikiName that get automatically inserted for that interwiki link. This would allow easy modification of the formatting of the link. As I said in [FIRSTwiki:feature requests](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Feature_requests "FIRSTwiki:Feature requests" ), I'm gonna try to avoid the parser. There is plenty of other stuff I can do (in FIRSTwiki) that is probably a more effective use of my time. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 01:45, 20 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit&section=20
"Edit section: Common edit summary notation" )]

## Common edit summary notation

After being reprimanded (by Max :p) about edit summaries, I made a [edit
summary notation](/index.php/User:SilverStar/Edit_summary_notation
"User:SilverStar/Edit summary notation" ) as a shorthand for common edit
summaries. Astro* suggested using this notation universally. Is this an
acceptable shorthand? If so, I will incoprorate it into the Style guide and
Policies and guidelines pages. --[SilverStar
(Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 23:06, 16 Jun 2004
(EDT)

    I'm unsure of the use of _sect_(same as automatic section editing comment?), _cmt_(if you are editing a talk page, isn't that assumed), _WP_. Also, for _temp_ and _cat_, why not just put the template or category link in the comment? Provides a quick link from history/recent changes to the appropriate category and it is clearly evident that it is a template or category. Maybe you could give some examples. Maybe I should keep telling you about every minor problem I can think of so you can turn it into a previously un-thought of useful feature :p --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 23:09, 16 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    _sect_ would be useful when creating a new section. _cmt_ would only be used with other changes on a talk page (to indicate adding a comment AND doing something else). --[SilverStar (Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 23:30, 16 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    It seems with too many shorthands, they lose their purpose. I.e., you'd (or, well, I'd) spend all sorts of time figuring out what it meant, when writing the whole thing out, which doesn't take so long, would be much clearer, especially to new editors. The way I see it, use abbreviations when they are obvious in the context. Plus "rv" for revert, if you wish. E.g., added intro. The edit summary is supposed to be short, so typing things out shouldn't kill anyone's fingers. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 09:33, 17 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3ACommunity_d
ecisions "Special:Categories" ): [FIRST
MetaWiki](/index.php/Category:FIRST_MetaWiki "Category:FIRST MetaWiki" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_decisions&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions&oldid=91012)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:17, 20 February 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 27,723 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

