# Chris Fultz

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

In the words of Chris Fultz, from cyberblue234.com:

I work for Rolls-Royce Corporation in Indianapolis. I am Program Director for
the RR300 engine, a small helicopter engine. My job is to lead the team that
is developing and certifying the engine, and getting ready to begin regular
production. I work with customers and internal departments to help make the
program happen. I am also part of our Engineering Education Council, a group
that oversees the support of college co-ops, high school interns, university
programs, Project Lead the Way and FIRST Robotics team support. I got involved
with Cyber Blue when my oldest son, Collin, was a sophomore and on the team. I
enjoy working with the students, hearing their ideas and ways to build the
robot and play the game. I am continually impressed with the quality of
students that are on this team and know they will do great things. I like to
share some of my experience with them to help them learn new ways of thinking
and approaching problems. I also like that I can help encourage some students
to careers in engineering and technology fields, and help some of them obtain
high school internships and college co-op positions at Rolls-Royce. I think
FIRST is an excellent program and gives students a chance to work under real
life scenarios - there is never enough time or money to complete engineering
programs, weight and capabilities are always a challenge, and you never know
what the competition will do. It is also real in that for many high tech
companies, like Rolls-Royce, we are both partners and competitors with many
companies. I also really like that FIRST focuses on other areas of the program
beyond the robot build and competition. The awards and recognition in these
areas allow many students to actively participate on a team and have a great
way to contribute. FIRST provides a great value to high school students. They
learn to express their ideas, think creatively, work as a team, and solve a
very complex problem. The students get to work right beside adult mentors who
are willing to share their know edge and experience. They get to develop their
speaking skills and have an opportunity for college scholarships. Their
involvement with a FIRST team can open many doors for them, regardless of
their career choice.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Chris_Fultz>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Chris_Fultz)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Chris_Fultz&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Chris_Fultz&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Chris_Fultz&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Chris_Fultz)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Chris_Fultz)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Chris_Fultz)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Chris_Fultz&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Chris_Fultz&oldid=50080)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 20:27, 13 September 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 582 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

