As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Awards (FTC)

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Awards are presented at FTC Events to recognize the success of FTC teams in
various areas such as robot design, performance in the robot game, quality of
research project, etc.

Here are the most common awards. Refer to the [Awards
Page](http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/ftc/content.aspx?id=724
"http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/ftc/content.aspx?id=724" ) for more
detailed descriptions.

## Contents

  * 1 Inspire Award
  * 2 Rockwell Collins Innovate Award
  * 3 Motivate Award
  * 4 Connect Award
  * 5 Think Award
  * 6 PTC Design Award  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Inspire Award" )]

## Inspire Award

The Inspire Award is the most prestigious FTC award and is given to a team
chosen by the judges as having represented a role model FTC team. The team who
is awarded this will move onto the next level event (either the Championship
Tournament or World Championship).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Rockwell Collins Innovate Award" )]

## Rockwell Collins Innovate Award

The Rockwell Collins Innovate Award is given to a team that thinks outside the
box with their design creating a innovative and creative robot.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Motivate Award" )]

## Motivate Award

The Motivate Award is given to a team at a FTC event that shows true team
spirit and enthusiasm for the games.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Connect Award" )]

## Connect Award

The Connect Award is given to the team that has spread the word of FIRST
throughout their community and has made the community a principal part of
their team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Think Award" )]

## Think Award

The Think Award is given to the team that best reflects the “journey” the team
took as they experienced the engineering design process during the build
season.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
PTC Design Award" )]

## PTC Design Award

The PTC Design Award is given to the team that has design elements of the
robot that are both functional and aesthetic while not compromising the
practical operation of the robots but compliment its purpose.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Awards_%28FTC%29>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Awards_%28FTC%29
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRST Tech
Challenge](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Tech_Challenge "Category:FIRST Tech
Challenge" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Awards_%28FTC%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Awards_\(FTC\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Awards_%28FTC%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Awards_%28FTC%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Awards_%28FTC%29&oldid=80868)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 15:09, 22 July 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 4,650 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

