# FIRSTwiki talk:Administrators

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**See [FIRSTwiki:nominations for adminship](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Nominations_for_adminship "FIRSTwiki:Nominations for adminship" ) if you want to nominate someone for adminship.**

An administrator/sysop has the following abilities:

  * delete pages 
  * block users 
  * protect/unprotect pages 
  * edit protected pages 

An administrator's job comes largely from the name, not from the few abilities
that he or she has. An administrator is expected to help new people get the
hang of editing, making sure formatting and style rules are followed, and, in
general, keeping order on FIRSTwiki. An administrator is expected to respect
the idea of free and open editing and only step when arguments get out of
control. An admin is also expected to explain any sort of controversial edits
he or she may make, just like any other user; he or she shouldn't just "pull
rank".

  
I think we need some more sysops, any takers? --[Max](/index.php/User:Max
"User:Max" ) 18:11, 1 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Maybe you could explain what you expect a sysop to do. Maybe I'm mistaken, but isn't it just delete pages and other administrative tasks like that? Has there been a real need for this, and would having a violations/vandalism reports page and a recommendation for deletion page be better solutions (where anyone could throw the stuff out there, and only a few sysops would act on it)? I realize more might be needed in the future ... I just don't know the scope of the issue currently. Oh, and I guess I'll volunteer if you need a sysop. (I'd just like to know what I'd be doing :P ) --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 14:36, 3 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    I'm glad you put this up. It clarifies things a lot. (Takers? I've been avoiding nominating myself, figuring if you want me, you'll ask... Hell, why not?) --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 22:35, 8 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

Is the new introduction of 'team page bot' to imply that it is an
administrator, with privileges to delete, block users, etc.? I would ask why
this is necessary. As a general security principle, never give a user more
privileges than necessary ... for instance, if the bot only creates pages
according to a certain template, why give it the ability to delete something.
Not to say that the author would write malicious code, but perl scripts have a
way of doing unexpected things! --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls
"User:Mrawls" ) 10:08, 4 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    It doesn't have sysop priveleges, check [special:listusers](/index.php/Special:Listusers "Special:Listusers" ). Moving to [FIRSTwiki:Bots](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Bots "FIRSTwiki:Bots" ) \--[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 10:23, 4 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

## Contents

  * 1 Bureaucratship (moved from user talk:max
  * 2 Request to block user
  * 3 Request to delete pages
  * 4 Request to delete pages
  * 5 Files for deletion  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=1
"Edit section: Bureaucratship \(moved from user talk:max" )]

## Bureaucratship (moved from [user talk:max](/index.php/User_talk:Max "User
talk:Max" )

What does being a bureaucrat mean? Can you edit PHP code?
--[SilverStar](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 00:06, 9 Jun
2004 (EDT)

    And why 'bureaucrat'? It makes it sound like your a pencil-pusher. --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 11:40, 9 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Ability to appoint other sysops/bureaucrats. Not my choosing of the name, built into software. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 16:46, 9 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=2
"Edit section: Request to block user" )]

##  Request to block user

I believe that that the username
[Somemoron](/index.php?title=User:Somemoron&action=edit "User:Somemoron" ) may
qualify as an [inappropriate username](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:
Username#Inappropriate_usernames
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Username#Inappropriate_usernames" )
and the user should be requested to [change his/her
username](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Changing_username
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Changing_username" ) and/or
[blocked](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Blocking_policy
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Blocking_policy" ). -
[ZhongHan](/index.php/User:ZhongHan "User:ZhongHan" )

     [Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) can do that, and I agree that it should be done. - [Hollis1138](/index.php/User:Hollis1138 "User:Hollis1138" ) 22:29, 21 August 2006 (EDT) 
     I don't really think that's such an offensive name. I'd rather not bother somebody who has only made a minor, constructive edit. I try to keep to the wiki philosophy, minimal intervention and controls where possible. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )] 12:22, 24 August 2006 (EDT) 

    Agreed. -- [ZhongHan](/index.php/User:ZhongHan "User:ZhongHan" ) [(Email)](/index.php/Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan "Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan" ) 06:31, 29 August 2006 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=3
"Edit section: Request to delete pages" )]

##  Request to delete pages

I will like to request/suggest for an admin to delete the following pages:

  * [A robot (1294)](/index.php/A_robot_%281294%29 "A robot \(1294\)" )
  * [(1294)](/index.php?title=%281294%29&action=edit "\(1294\)" ) \- A search will direct them to the correct page 
  * [Colorado RegionalTips](/index.php?title=Colorado_RegionalTips&action=edit "Colorado RegionalTips" ) \- typo which most people will correct themselves, space between "Regional" and "Tips" 

\-- [ZhongHan](/index.php/User:ZhongHan "User:ZhongHan" )
[(Email)](/index.php/Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan "Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan" )
22:39, 8 March 2007 (EST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=4
"Edit section: Request to delete pages" )]

##  Request to delete pages

To add on, the following as well.

  * [Br-2005](/index.php?title=Br-2005&action=edit "Br-2005" )
  * [2006 - //Unknown](/index.php?title=2006_-_//Unknown&action=edit "2006 - //Unknown" ) \- [wikipedia:Template:db-blank](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:db-blank "wikipedia:Template:db-blank" )
  * [David Kelly](/index.php?title=David_Kelly&action=edit "David Kelly" ) \- [wikipedia:Template:db-nocontext](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:db-nocontext "wikipedia:Template:db-nocontext" )
  * [Wayne Schaefer](/index.php?title=Wayne_Schaefer&action=edit "Wayne Schaefer" ) \- [wikipedia:Template:db-test](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:db-test "wikipedia:Template:db-test" )
  * [Matt Geden](/index.php?title=Matt_Geden&action=edit "Matt Geden" ) \- [wikipedia:Template:db-bio](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:db-bio "wikipedia:Template:db-bio" )
  * [A](/index.php?title=A&action=edit "A" )
  * [E](/index.php?title=E&action=edit "E" )
  * [N](/index.php?title=N&action=edit "N" )
  * [Category:Drivers](/index.php/Category:Drivers "Category:Drivers" )
  * [FIRST Place](/index.php/FIRST_Place "FIRST Place" )
  * [Pheonix (8)](/index.php?title=Pheonix_%288%29&action=edit "Pheonix \(8\)" ) \- Typo which most people will realise 

Will add more as I go along.-- [ZhongHan](/index.php/User:ZhongHan
"User:ZhongHan" ) [(Email)](/index.php/Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan
"Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan" ) 04:20, 9 March 2007 (EST)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=5
"Edit section: Files for deletion" )]

##  Files for deletion

  * [Image:Cheesy Harris1.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Cheesy_Harris1.jpg&action=edit "Image:Cheesy Harris1.jpg" ) \- duplicate of [Image:Cheesy Harris.jpg](/index.php/Image:Cheesy_Harris.jpg "Image:Cheesy Harris.jpg" )
  * [Image:TeamChar07.gif](/index.php?title=Image:TeamChar07.gif&action=edit "Image:TeamChar07.gif" ) \- duplicate of [Image:TeamChart07.gif](/index.php/Image:TeamChart07.gif "Image:TeamChart07.gif" ), typo 
  * [Image:(1345) logo.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:%281345%29_logo.jpg&action=edit "Image:\(1345\) logo.jpg" ) \- duplicate of [Image:1345 logo.jpg](/index.php/Image:1345_logo.jpg "Image:1345 logo.jpg" )
  * [Image:2007 Logo.JPG](/index.php?title=Image:2007_Logo.JPG&action=edit "Image:2007 Logo.JPG" ) \- The logo is at [Image:2007 Logo.jpg](/index.php/Image:2007_Logo.jpg "Image:2007 Logo.jpg" ), file is a duplicate of [Image:Cheesy Harris.jpg](/index.php/Image:Cheesy_Harris.jpg "Image:Cheesy Harris.jpg" )
  * [Image:Orange logo.JPG](/index.php?title=Image:Orange_logo.JPG&action=edit "Image:Orange logo.JPG" ) \- Duplicate of [Image:Orangelogo.jpg](/index.php/Image:Orangelogo.jpg "Image:Orangelogo.jpg" )
  * [Image:Ugly logo.png](/index.php?title=Image:Ugly_logo.png&action=edit "Image:Ugly logo.png" ) \- Duplicate of [Image:41 logo.png](/index.php/Image:41_logo.png "Image:41 logo.png" )
  * [Image:Robotics logo fin.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Robotics_logo_fin.jpg&action=edit "Image:Robotics logo fin.jpg" ) \- Duplicate of [Image:Roboticslogo.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Roboticslogo.jpg&action=edit "Image:Roboticslogo.jpg" )
  * [Image:Enforcer logo sm.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Enforcer_logo_sm.jpg&action=edit "Image:Enforcer logo sm.jpg" ) and [Image:Enforcer logo.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Enforcer_logo.jpg&action=edit "Image:Enforcer logo.jpg" ) \- Duplicates of [Image:Enforcers logo.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Enforcers_logo.jpg&action=edit "Image:Enforcers logo.jpg" )
  * [Image:1156logo.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:1156logo.jpg&action=edit "Image:1156logo.jpg" ) \- PNG exists at [Image:1156 logo.png](/index.php/Image:1156_logo.png "Image:1156 logo.png" )
  * [Image:1281logo.png](/index.php?title=Image:1281logo.png&action=edit "Image:1281logo.png" ) \- duplicate of [Image:1281 logo.png](/index.php/Image:1281_logo.png "Image:1281 logo.png" )
  * [Image:Robotics 06 172.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Robotics_06_172.jpg&action=edit "Image:Robotics 06 172.jpg" ) \- duplicate of [Image:241 logo.jpg](/index.php/Image:241_logo.jpg "Image:241 logo.jpg" )
  * [Image:Chewy.JPG](/index.php?title=Image:Chewy.JPG&action=edit "Image:Chewy.JPG" ) \- duplicate of [Image:Chewy.jpg](/index.php/Image:Chewy.jpg "Image:Chewy.jpg" )
  * [Image:*tshirt.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:%2Atshirt.jpg&action=edit "Image:*tshirt.jpg" ) \- duplicate of [Image:Tshirt.jpg](/index.php/Image:Tshirt.jpg "Image:Tshirt.jpg" )
  * [Image:Bulldog banner.gif](/index.php?title=Image:Bulldog_banner.gif&action=edit "Image:Bulldog banner.gif" ) \- duplicate of [Image:Bulldogbanner.gif](/index.php?title=Image:Bulldogbanner.gif&action=edit "Image:Bulldogbanner.gif" )
  * [Image:(1155) logo.gif](/index.php?title=Image:%281155%29_logo.gif&action=edit "Image:\(1155\) logo.gif" ) and [Image:Sovietsciborgslogox.gif](/index.php?title=Image:Sovietsciborgslogox.gif&action=edit "Image:Sovietsciborgslogox.gif" ) \- duplicates of [Image:1155 logo.gif](/index.php/Image:1155_logo.gif "Image:1155 logo.gif" )
  * [Image:Team 1372 v2007small.jpg](/index.php?title=Image:Team_1372_v2007small.jpg&action=edit "Image:Team 1372 v2007small.jpg" ) \- duplicate of [Image:Team 1372 v2007.jpg](/index.php/Image:Team_1372_v2007.jpg "Image:Team 1372 v2007.jpg" )

That's all for the mean time. -- [ZhongHan](/index.php/User:ZhongHan
"User:ZhongHan" ) [(Email)](/index.php/Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan
"Special:Emailuser/ZhongHan" ) 23:52, 9 March 2007 (EST)

  *     * I've dealt with the files above and deleted duplicates. I'd cross out the list but I don't know how to do that with Wiki code... &lt;_&lt; [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 23:59, 1 July 2007 (EDT) 

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators>"

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Administrators)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Administrators&oldid=61706)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 03:59, 2 July 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,324 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

