As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# User:AlicaMetis

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Personalized Photo Blankets-A Perfect Birthday Gift**

  

Personalized photo blankets can be the best gift to give to a person on the
day of his or her birthday. As they can be designed with the photograph of the
person whom you are presenting the gift, they can be the gift that really long
for. A blanket with the most desired photo on it can become the finest gift
for the recipient that they would preserve forever.

The photographs are woven or printed in the blankets or any other customized
products in such a way so that the detail of the products would be neat and
clean. The photographs used in the blankets are highly resolute and this is
the reason why the photo that appears on it actually looks like the real one.
As the colors used in designing the blankets or printing the photograph are of
superior quality, the images will not fade away in time. This would be such a
birthday gift that the recipient would cherish for long days.

Apart from the [personalized photo blankets](http://www.fusionlooks.com/
"http://www.fusionlooks.com/" ) there are different varieties of customized
products that you can use as a birthday gift. Some of them are as following:

**Photo Cushions:** They are available in both standard and medium sizes. You can also get a small sized baby photo cushions. You can design it with any of your desired pictures as well as texts. You can choose your own color and even suggest the manufacturer about the shape of the cushions. Apart from the traditional rectangular shape you can even design a cushion shaped in love hearts, teddy bears, square, etc. 

**Picture Throw:** You can also make a beautifully designed [picture throw](http://www.fusionlooks.com/ "http://www.fusionlooks.com/" ) with the most beautiful picture of your choice and give it to your near and dear ones on the day of their birthday. They will surely like the gift. A picture throw designed with the lovely picture of the recipient will always make him or her happy. 

**Photo Montage:** You can also create a photo montage with a beautiful picture. You can use any kind of software in order to create a montage of yours. After that you can have this printed on a blanket rather than putting it into a single picture frame. You can even add some texts with the picture on the montage. 

**Photo Collage:** Another great option is to create a photo collage. A collage is made with numerous of your favorite pictures. If you have more than one picture to cherish then you can surely make a photo collage for your near and dear ones. 

All these options are great to choose as a birthday gift for the person whom
you care a lot. At the same time it is always necessary to contact a
professional manufacturer in order to let them design all these customized
products for you. These products are very popular nowadays because of its cost
effectiveness. They also come with different variations and as a result people
can get a lot of scope to choose from them.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:AlicaMetis>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:AlicaMetis)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:AlicaMetis&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:AlicaMetis&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:AlicaMetis&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:AlicaMetis)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:AlicaMetis)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:AlicaMetis)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/AlicaMetis)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:AlicaMetis&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:AlicaMetis&oldid=89719)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 07:19, 3 February 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 2 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

