# Qualifying for championship event

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Qualify](/index.php?title=Qualify&redirect=no "Qualify" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

[![Image:Gears_animation.gif](/media/1/14/Gears_animation.gif)](/index.php/Ima
ge:Gears_animation.gif "Image:Gears_animation.gif" ) |  **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_cha
mpionship_event&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Qualifyi
ng_for_championship_event&action=edit" )** this article.  
  
---|---  
  
  
Since 2001, [teams](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_team "FIRST Robotics team" )
have had to qualify to go to the [national
championship](/index.php/National_championship "National championship" ) each
year. Qualification requirements may be different every year. Check [the FIRST
website](http://www.usfirst.org/ "http://www.usfirst.org/" ) for up-to-date
qualification information.

When the qualification system was first implemented, on alternating years even
or odd numbered teams would automatically qualify, and additional
qualification would be based on a points system, with varying points being
assigned for different awards. Since the beginning, the (national) [Chairman's
Award](/index.php/Chairman%27s_Award "Chairman's Award" ) winners were
reserved a spot at the [national
championship](/index.php/National_championship "National championship" ).
Since then, the system has changed to a tier based structure, basing
qualification more on how long a team has not been to the nationals. There has
been considerable controversy over the varying methods, which go to the heart
of [FIRST's Philosophy](/index.php?title=FIRST%27s_philosophy&action=edit
"FIRST's philosophy" ) \-- the issue being creating a championship that is
challenging and exciting to watch, while not focussing on the competition
aspect of the event as much as the rest of it.

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Qualifying_for_championship_event>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Qualifying_for_champion
ship_event "Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Qualifying_for_championship_event)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Qualifying_for_championship_event)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_championship_event&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_championship_event&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Qualifying_for_championship_event)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Qualifying_for_championship_event)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Qualifying_for_championship_event)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_championship_event&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Qualifying_for_championship_event&oldid=68073)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:29, 21 May 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 2,125 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

