# LEGO Mindstorms

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Lego
Mindstorms](/index.php?title=Lego_Mindstorms&redirect=no "Lego Mindstorms" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the
list of [short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages"
)._  
---|---  
  
  

[![Image:Gears_animation.gif](/media/1/14/Gears_animation.gif)](/index.php/Ima
ge:Gears_animation.gif "Image:Gears_animation.gif" ) |  **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&ac
tion=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit" )**
this article.  
  
---|---  
  
## Contents

  * 1 Introduction
  * 2 Robotics Invention System
  * 3 NXT
  * 4 Uses  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Introduction" )]

## Introduction

LEGO Mindstorms is a product of LEGO. It is the only platform used in the
[FLL](/index.php/FLL "FLL" ) program. It uses standard LEGO parts, and
contains several motors and sensors to control a fully autonomous robot, such
as used in FLL competition. Although there are several sets released by LEGO,
only two are legal or practical for FLL use. These are the Robotics Invention
System and the NXT.

[[edit](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Robotics Invention System" )]

## Robotics Invention System

The RIS (Robotics invention System) uses the
[RCX](/index.php?title=RCX&action=edit "RCX" ) microcontroller. The
microcontroller is compatible with three types of nine-volt LEGO motors, four
types of LEGO sensors (touch, light, temperature, and rotation), and numerous
OEM sensors. The RCX has three nine-volt motor outputs and three sensor
inputs. It has an infrared communication port to download programs. The RCX is
programmable using the Mindstorms RIS software,
[Robolab](/index.php?title=Robolab&action=edit "Robolab" ) or the NQC
language. Only RIS and Robolab are legal in the FLL competition. The RIS kit
comes with two nine-volt LEGO mini-motors, a light sensor, and two touch
sensors. It also includes over 700 lego technic parts, including many types of
gears and wheels, with which to build a robot. Teams may expand their kit with
any unaltered LEGO parts, but are limited to a set number of sensors and
motors, depending on the rules of the game.

[[edit](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
NXT" )]

## NXT

The [NXT](/index.php/NXT "NXT" ) set uses an improved microcontroller which
incorporates USB and bluetooth technology, a new programming environment, and
larger LCD screen. The RCX kit comes with stepper motors, a new touch sensor,
a light sensor capable of detecting color as well as light intensity, a sound
sensor, and a ultrasonic sensor. The NXT kit also comes with a compliment of
LEGO Technic parts. Teams may expand their kit with any unaltered LEGO parts,
but are limited to a set number of sensors and motors, depending on the rules
of the game.

[[edit](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Uses" )]

## Uses

LEGO Mindstorms is the official platform of FLL. Many schools use Mindstorms
as an education tool independent of FLL. Also, like Vex, Mindstorms components
are commonly used in prototyping by FRC teams.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/LEGO_Mindstorms>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=LEGO_Mindstorms
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/LEGO_Mindstorms)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:LEGO_Mindstorms)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=LEGO_Mindstorms)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/LEGO_Mindstorms)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/LEGO_Mindstorms)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=LEGO_Mindstorms&oldid=64406)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 04:27, 26 November 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 2,274 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

