

# Stack Attack

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](aim-high)
  * 2005 [Triple Play](triple-play)
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 **Stack Attack**
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

**Stack Attack** was the name of the 2003 season [FIRST game](FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). Stack Attack was the first game in a long time not to have any balls as scoring objects. This was also the first game to feature autonomous mode, where the robots move on their own, and even the first game where human players get on the field to place scoring objects. 

  

  

## Contents

  * 1 Game Description
  * 2 Tournament Structure
  * 3 Rules
  * 4 Strategies
  * 5 Robots
  * 6 Misc Info
  * 7 Sources  
---  
  

## Game Description

[![Curie 2003 Finals](/media/thumb/c/c7/1051023656curie_finals_metal_in_motion
_vs_cybersonics_on_the_ramp.jpg/180px-1051023656curie_finals_metal_in_motion_v
s_cybersonics_on_the_ramp.jpg)](Image:1051023656curie_finals_metal_
in_motion_vs_cybersonics_on_the_ramp.jpg "Curie 2003 Finals" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-clip.png)](Image:105102365
6curie_finals_metal_in_motion_vs_cybersonics_on_the_ramp.jpg "Enlarge" )

Curie 2003 Finals

Teams started in a gray-boxed area on either side of the giant ramp. When the
game begins, one human player from each team competing (4 total) go on the
field and place bins (4 bins per team, with 8 per alliance, and 16 total) in
their colored area. The bins have reflective tape on them so opposing robots
can knock over bins in autonomous mode, but more on that later. The human
players have 15 seconds to place the bins, and then step onto a pressure
sensitive mat to tell the software they are off the field. If done in 10
seconds, that team will enter into autonomous mode when all teams are on the
mats. If done in 15 seconds, the teams won't enter autonomous mode, but will
work afterwards. If the human player doesnâ€™t return in 15 seconds, the robot
is disabled for the match.

After all the human players are on the mats, the robots will then enter
autonomous mode for 15 seconds, in which the robots move and operate on their
own through programming and sensors. There were many types of autonomous
modes, with more on that in a latter section.

After autonomous mode, the robots then enter into 1:45 seconds of human
controlled time. During this time, human controllers could push bins outside
of their opposing alliance scoring zone, stack bins in their own, which
multiplies the whole score of bins by how tall the stack is (but the bins in
the stack are NOT counted as part of the total), and even park themselves on
top of the ramp to block oncoming traffic. At the end of the game, robots
would hurry up to the platform, since for each robot entirely on the ramp, the
alliance gets 25 points.


## Tournament Structure

This was the first year implementing a new finals match structure. Instead of
counting wins, they counted how many points the teams had collected over two
matches. Many times teams would win one match by a landslide, then clear the
field of all scoring objects for a very low scoring match, thus insuring their
victory.


## Rules


## Strategies


## Robots


## Misc Info


## Sources

  * [Archived FIRST Docs](http://www.usfirst.org/robotics/2003/docs.htm "http://www.usfirst.org/robotics/2003/docs.htm" )
  * [Team 140's description](http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2003/index.html "http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2003/index.html" )
  * [Team 177's description](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2003.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2003.html" )
  * [Team 237's description](http://www.team237.com/2003game.html "http://www.team237.com/2003game.html" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Stack_Attack&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Stack_Attack&action=edit" ) to make
a significant article. _See more [stubs](Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
