As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Naveenroy

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Printable Wedding Planner Checklist Maintains Systematic Work**

  
There are huge numbers of details to be dealt with in preparation for your big
day including selecting the venue, choosing your wedding invitations, who to
invite, what wedding favors to use, the wedding dress, bridesmaids dresses,
different food for the big day and so on.

But one way to ensure that everything goes smoothly is to use a [printable
wedding planner checklist](http://myvivahplanner.com/
"http://myvivahplanner.com/" ). This planner should have a step by step
timeline setting out the timeframe for each task necessary to ensure a smooth
and successful wedding.

You could purchase a fancy printable wedding planner checklist book but a
little research online and you will find some websites offering free,
printable wedding planners. These planners will do the job just as well as any
expensive book and have the added benefit of being printable wedding planner
checklist or you can copy and past them onto the desktop of your computer and
have an at a glance reminder from 18 months before your big day as to what you
should be working on.

Actually the important thing about your planner is that it will or should
cover each and every eventuality and detail in preparation for your wedding-
little things even such as picking up out of towers at the airport in the days
before your wedding.

Getting married is a life judgment and getting ready for the big day is a
nervous and rushed time. But with some forward planning and a little online
research you can reduce a lot of the pressure on you, your friends and family.

It is easy to forget some critical detail such as organizing the groom's
wedding attire, picking the food, choosing the wedding shower favors or
remembering that your Aunty Mabel is a vegetarian. You do not want any of
these details to detract from your enjoyment of your big day and you can
ensure a smooth and joyful occasion by putting in a little effort now and
carrying out the necessary research.

You could buy an expensive book at your local bookstore or online at Amazon or
eBay but none of this is necessary. What you simply need is a good,
comprehensive [wedding planner checklist free](http://myvivahplanner.com/
"http://myvivahplanner.com/" ) and time line to cover every eventuality.

So what you need to do today is to pick up a wedding planner checklist free on
the internet, sit down with your intended, open a bottle of wine and start
planning for the best day of your life.

This is suitable and easy-to-use; it helps you get a head-start. A planner
makes the job of association so much earlier. Keeping you on top of the
wedding circumstances, it becomes more likely that you will be ahead of
timetable. In fact, you will be getting things done as considered.

If you are orderly with your stuff, at one glance or one sweep up, you can
gather all your planners, checklists, and all resources together and do some
paperwork. If they are stored in one place or inserted in your note pad or
bag, there will be no waste of moment or information.

