As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# FIRST Robotics Competition Team

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A **FIRST robotics team** consists of high school
[students](/index.php/Students "Students" ), [mentors](/index.php/Mentors
"Mentors" ), and [teachers](/index.php/Teachers "Teachers" ) working together
to compete in the [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ).

Mentors are at the heart of any FIRST team--mentors are responsible for
inspiring the students. But the students must work together with the
community, striving to inspire younger children and adults alike in science
and technology. In this regard, a FIRST team is not like the typical sports
team or school organization. Teams strive to achieve the goals of FIRST,
follow the [FIRST philosophy](/index.php/FIRST_philosophy "FIRST philosophy"
), and be [gracious professionals](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism
"Gracious professionalism" ) in all that they do.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&action=edit&section=1
"Edit section: See also" )]

##  See also

  * [Team organization](/index.php/Team_organization "Team organization" )
  * [Team management](/index.php/Team_management "Team management" )
  * [Index of Teams](/index.php/Index_of_Teams "Index of Teams" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_Robot
ics_Competition_Team&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIR
ST_Robotics_Competition_Team&action=edit" ) to make a significant article.
_See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_Robotics_Compet
ition_Team "Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs
"Category:Stubs" ) | [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Robotics_Competition "Category:FIRST
Robotics Competition" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_Robotics_Competition_Team&oldid=79538)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 17:33, 26 May 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 17,360 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

