As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Wheel

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Wheels** are fundamental components for [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) motion and are used more often than any other method of locomotion (such as [treads](/index.php/Tread "Tread" )). 

## Contents

  * 1 Types
  * 2 Standard
  * 3 Grip
  * 4 Holonomic
  * 5 Mecanum
  * 6 External links  
---  
  

##  Types

Various types of wheels exist, including standard, grip, holonomic, and
mechanum.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wheel&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Standard"
)]

##  Standard

Standard wheels are the ones which ship with the FIRST kit of parts.
Originally 8 inches in diameter, the size was changed to 6 inches for the 2007
season.


##  Grip

Grip wheels are generally mde from aluminum disks sandwiching an aluminum
roller which is coated with a high-friction tape material. They offer much
more traction than a standard wheel and are often custom-made or order from
specialty suppliers.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wheel&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Holonomic"
)]

##  Holonomic

Holonomic wheels have small, free-spinning disks oriented perpendicular to the
rotating direction of the wheel. This allows the wheel to slide sideways with
a minimum of friction and is useful in many hybrid variants of the swerve
drive and castor drive. Holonomic wheels are typically rather expensive and
generally ordered from specialty suppliers rather than fabricated by teams
themselves.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wheel&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Mecanum"
)]

##  [Mecanum](/index.php/Mecanum_wheel "Mecanum wheel" )

Slightly similar to holonomic wheels, Mecanum wheels also incorporate free-
spinning rollers, but oriented at 45-degree angles to the direction of wheel
rotation. When the rollers on sets of opposing wheels are aligned in opposite
directions, reversing the direction of one of the opposed wheels enables the
robot to move sideways. These are typically used in complicated variants of
the swerve drive system, when design requirements dictate that there is not
enough space, weight capacity, etc. for a more conventional swerve drive. The
mathematical/kinematics model for mechanum wheels is quite complicated, and
the wheels themselves are usually exceedingly expensive and complex; a set of
four often approaches the $400 maximum for any single robot part.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wheel&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: External
links" )]

##  External links

  * [Wheel on Wikipedia](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wheel "wikipedia:Wheel" )

