# FIRSTwiki talk:Requested articles

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Should pages that have already been created really be here? The wikipedia
version does not permit this. And it seems those articles more properly belong
in [FIRSTwiki:Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" ).
This seems to be the place where non-existant articles are requested. I didn't
want to remove most of the reqeusted articles, though, until some consensus
was established. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 15:45, 15
Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Lacking feedback, I'm going to experiment with the page to test out some ideas. I think it'll be more useful this way. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 19:52, 15 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

* * *

This page being called 'Most wanted' and then having a 'most wanted' special
page seems confusing. It took me a second or two to figure out what was going
on, and since this is a potential section we want newcomers to be looking at
for contributions, maybe a renaming is in order. Maybe 'Suggested articles'? I
don't know ... hopefully someone else will be more eloquent than I am.
--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 16:59, 10 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    When all else fails, copy wikipedia [wikipedia:wikipedia:Requested articles](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:Requested_articles "wikipedia:wikipedia:Requested_articles" ). Moving now. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 17:10, 10 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

* * *

What is the difference between [designing a FIRST
webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_FIRST_webpage "Designing a FIRST webpage" )
and [designing a team webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage "Designing
a team webpage" )?--[Snoldak924](/index.php/User:Snoldak924 "User:Snoldak924"
) 18:55, 27 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    None that I can think of.... --[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) 19:36, 27 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

* * *

Why is [Multi-bank programming](/index.php/Multi-bank_programming "Multi-bank
programming" ) on this list? It doesn't seem to have anything to do with
FIRST/robot programming. [devicenull](/index.php/User:Devicenull
"User:Devicenull" ) 18:52, 30 January 2006 (EST)

* * *

Changed "Mill" to redirect to preexisting "Milling machine" article and
removed from
list.--[Fourpenguins](/index.php?title=User:Fourpenguins&action=edit
"User:Fourpenguins" ) 14:22, 6 August 2007 (EDT)

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles>"

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requested_articles)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Requested_articles&oldid=62642)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:22, 6 August 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,184 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

