As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# Videography

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/Circuit_diopsis.jpg/100px-
Circuit_diopsis.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Circuit_diopsis.jpg "" ) |  **Format**  

This page needs to be formatted properly, check the [page
formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) and
choose the appropriate template.  
Please
**[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Videography&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Videography&action=edit" )** this
article.  
  
---|---  
  
  

Videography is the recording of video onto electric media, such as
[dvd](/index.php?title=Dvd&action=edit "Dvd" ). A videographer may be the
person actually operating the camera or he or she may be the person in charge
of the visual design of a production. In FIRST, videography plays a big role,
especially because many of the people who like robots are adept at
videography, or as some say, videotaping. Video is one of the main ways FIRST
gets advertised, for free. This is the reason that FIRST is so helpful with
media passes and such. These photos find thier ways onto the internet, where
FIRST is advertised, for free.

  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Videography&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Videography&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Videography>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Videography
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need to be
formatted](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_to_be_formatted
"Category:Articles that need to be formatted" ) |
[Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Videography)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Videography&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Videography&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Videography&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Videography)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Videography)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Videography)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Videography&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Videography&oldid=62886)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 15:17, 6 September 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 204 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

