# When Robots Attack

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_Note: This article is seriously tounge-in-cheek, for the humor challenged out
there._

Gather round children, and old man [Phrontist](/index.php/Phrontist
"Phrontist" ) will tell you a story.

Ah, the exubrance of a [rookie team](/index.php/1418 "1418" ) that just got
their drivetrain working. The only issue was, it handled like a parkinsonian
patient with a serious amphetamine abuse problem. So off we went, cooking up
new schemes to make our driving more smooth. I had just banged out some new
code with *Name Deleted To Protect The Innocent* (now an alumnus) when he went
off to test it. The cord was inserted, the code uploaded. But something was
horribly wrong...

You see code automatically begins executing when uploaded to the RC and *name
omitted* (or more likely) myself had made an error that caused one motor to
drive full regardless of input, and the other to stand still. Well, *name
omitted* was holding the laptop, the laptop was essentially tied to the robot
via a serial cable, and this wily program started running. Let's Watch (and
don't forget to turn on repeat)!

**[When Robots Attack!](/media/2/2e/RobotAttack.avi "RobotAttack.avi" ) (~2.5MB avi)**

From that day forth we had a dead man's switch, which, unless depressed would
not allow the robot to move.

So remember kids! When you program a computer, the worst thing that can
happened is hardware damage, in the very worst case. But when you program a
robot, it's not hard to make yourself look like a complete idiot, or seriously
injure yourself.

[[edit](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Credits" )]

##  Credits

Produced by Team [1418](/index.php/1418 "1418" ), totally on accident, but at
the same time with no regrets.

  * Cameraman - John Tyson 
  * Guy In Red Pants - Mr.Ballou 
  * Guy In Green Sweatshirt, Laughing instead of helping - [Phrontist](/index.php/Phrontist "Phrontist" )
  * Guy Rolling on Floor - Kevin Zhou 
  * Screaming, Flailing, Guy w/laptop- *Deleted To Protect the Innocent* 
  * Guy who actually does something useful- [Alex Douglas](/index.php/User:Alex_Douglas "User:Alex Douglas" )

Yes, I should mention that Alex was the guy who saved the day. Or, if you look
at it like I do, cut a fantastic gag short in its prime. :-)

[[edit](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: External Links" )]

##  External Links

  * [YouTube mirror](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CA05JXUSyc "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CA05JXUSyc" )
  * [Google Video mirror](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8994573731632032514 "http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8994573731632032514" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/When_Robots_Attack>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=When_Robots_Attack
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRST humor](/index.php/Category:FIRST_humor
"Category:FIRST humor" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/When_Robots_Attack)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:When_Robots_Attack)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=When_Robots_Attack)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/When_Robots_Attack)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/When_Robots_Attack)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=When_Robots_Attack&oldid=51869)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 04:29, 21 December 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 3,652 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

