As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Game (FRC)

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

A FRC game is a game involving the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ).

Each year the game is structurally different from previous years in remarkable
ways. [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) strives to present a visually
stimulating game for spectators, a game interesting for the participants,
challenging for [veteran teams](/index.php/Veteran_teams "Veteran teams" ),
yet accessible to [rookie teams](/index.php/Rookie_teams "Rookie teams" ).
This is never an easy balance to reach, but FIRST is known for suprising
innovations; features such as [autonomous mode](/index.php/Autonomous_mode
"Autonomous mode" ), the bins of [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack
Attack" ), and the stairs in [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the
Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar"
) show just how clever [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) can be.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
The Game" )]

## The Game

Usually the [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) game contains of two alliances (red
and blue) each with three robots on the alliance. The game also usually
contains a game element and a goal object.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Game Periods" )]

### Game Periods

Each [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) typically contains two main periods and
occasionally a third period within the last main period.

  * [Autonomous Period](/index.php/Autonomous_Period "Autonomous Period" )
  * [Teleoperated Period](/index.php/Teleoperated_Period "Teleoperated Period" )
    * [End Game](/index.php/End_Game "End Game" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Kickoff" )]

## Kickoff

Each year in early January, [kickoffs](/index.php/Kickoff "Kickoff" ) are held
nationwide as [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) releases the design of the
current year's game. This begins what is known as the [build
season](/index.php/Build_season "Build season" ) and the six week countdown
clock until the robot must be shipped begins.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Game_%28FRC%29>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Game_%28FRC%29
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Robotics_Competition "Category:FIRST
Robotics Competition" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Game_%28FRC%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Game_%28FRC%29)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Game_\(FRC\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Game_%28FRC%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Game_%28FRC%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Game_%28FRC%29&oldid=75825)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 23:49, 19 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 17,183 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

