# Dave Verbrugge

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Name: Dave Verbrugge WFA Year: 2002 Years involved w/FIRST: 8 FIRST Team(s):
Heroes of Tomorrow (0067) Role: Mentor/Team Leader Quote: ‘Fat, drunk and
stupid is no way to go through life, son.’ Dean Wormer, Faber College Bio:
Dave Verbrugge is an inspiring mentor with a contagious fervor for FIRST.
Working with Team #67 for over seven years, Dave was awarded the Woodie
Flowers Award in 2002 for his efforts.

What was it like to win the WFA?:

Surprising. I have tremendous respect for the other WFAW and feel very honored
to be listed with them. To be chosen as a representative for the thousands of
FIRST mentors is a humbling experience. I think it’s great that we will now be
selecting WFA Finalists at each of the regionals.

Favorite FIRST Memory:

Team 67’s first regional victory is probably my favorite. The team had ridden
a bus through the night to arrive first thing in the morning at Temple
University. It was the inaugural Philadelphia Alliance Regional in 1999. The
team seeded 6th and chose Team 121 the Naval Undersea Warfare Center &amp;
Middletown High School out of Rhode Island. We lost our first match in the
tournament, then with a strategy adjustment – won 6 straight. The ‘Rhode
Warrior’ and the ‘HOTBOT’, as well as, the entire teams had instantly become
best friends. With 55 teams competing, at that point in time it was the larger
of any FIRST regional ever contested.

FIRST accomplishments:

All WFAW have come from great teams with the exception of Woodie who is simply
great. So the accomplishments are the teams. Here is information on Team 67
from the FIRST website. 2003 GL Regional Champion 2003 CMP Finalist - Newton
Division 2003 MI Judge's Award 2002 OH Finalist 2002 OH #1 Seed 2002 OH GM
Industrial Design 2002 GL Regional Champion 2002 MI Leadership in Controls
2002 MI #1 Seed 2002 MI Incredible Play 2001 CT Finalist 2000 MI Motorola
Quality Award 2000 IL Delphi "Driving Tomorrow's Technology" Award 2000 VA
Motorola Quality Award 2000 VA Regional Champion 1999 MI DaimlerChrysler Team
Spirit Award 1999 N1 Chairman's Award Finalist 1999 PA Honeywell Leadership in
Control Award 1999 PA Regional Champion 1998 MI Honeywell Leadership in
Control Award 1998 IL Motorola Quality Award 1998 TX Honeywell Leadership in
Control Award 1998 N1 Chairman's Award Finalist 1998 N1 Honeywell Leadership
in Control Award 1997 N1 Rookie All-Star

What are you up to these days?:

Serving as Team 67 leader. The team is a serious contender for the Chairman’s
Award and the HOTBOT will be as strong – if not stronger – than ever. The team
and our student alumni also have Team 406 Mumford High School at the GM
Proving Ground and our helping them build their robot, do an animation and
submit a Chairman’s Award entry. This Detroit team is making the 80 mile round
trip out to Milford three times a week. We hooked up three weeks into the
build period and went to work on a virgin kit. It’s been a great experience
for both teams. I am currently scheduled to emcee the Buckeye, Great Lakes and
West Michigan Regionals. I am currently taking my 7th of 10 courses in a MS of
Management plan of study from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute through the GM
Technical Education Program. I have engineering degrees from Calvin College,
the University of Michigan and Purdue University.

Advice to FIRST-ers:

Pace yourself. Also, in every action you take on behalf of the team, consider
if you will make the team and FIRST stronger or weaker with that action. This
may simply be another way of saying, ‘gracious professionalism’.

What does mentoring mean to you?:

Listen, help, guide, teach …show that you care.

Mr. Verbrugge is an incredible asset to the FIRST community, and continues to
further this program with his enthusiastic spirit.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Dave_Verbrugge>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Dave_Verbrugge)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Dave_Verbrugge&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Dave_Verbrugge&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Dave_Verbrugge&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [174.129.121.101](/index.php/User:174.129.121.101)
  * [Talk for this IP](/index.php/User_talk:174.129.121.101)
  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Dave_Verbrugge)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Dave_Verbrugge)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Dave_Verbrugge)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Dave_Verbrugge&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Dave_Verbrugge&oldid=50301)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 23:40, 30 September 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 620 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

