As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Toroid Terror

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

**Toroid Terror** was the name of the 1997 season [FIRST game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). Toroid Terror was the first time that a FIRST game departed from balls. 

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 **Toroid Terror**
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Field Layout
  * 2 Game Description
  * 3 Tournament Structure
  * 4 Kit Of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Strategies
  * 7 Robots
  * 8 Misc Info
  * 9 Sources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Field Layout" )]

## Field Layout

[![Toroid Terror Scoring
Structure](/media/thumb/0/04/Toroid_Terror_structure.jpg/180px-
Toroid_Terror_structure.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Toroid_Terror_structure.jpg
"Toroid Terror Scoring Structure" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Toroid_Terror_structure.jpg "Enlarge" )

Toroid Terror Scoring Structure

The field was a carpeted hexagon. In the center was an 8 foot tall pyramid
structure (made of Kee-Klamps and schedule 40 pipe) with 3 posts coming out of
each vertical edge. The pyramid was fixed in the center of the field, but
could rotate about its center point.

In each corner of the hexagon field, there was a stack of inner tubes, 1 each
of red, white and blue, which were the colors of the team. Each human player
also started with 3 innertubes, of the teams color.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Game Description" )]

## Game Description

The goal was to score the inner tubes on the pyramid structure. You got one
point for every inner tube on the scoring structure, and your score was
doubled if it was directly over the center column (like the white tubes in the
picture). You also doubled your score if you had 3 in a vertical column on the
scoring posts.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Tournament Structure" )]

## Tournament Structure

The main tournament was double elimination, in which every team competed. The
matches were 1v1v1 where the top scoring team was the winner and the other two
lost. When it got down to the final 16 teams, the game switched to 1v1.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Kit Of Parts" )]

## Kit Of Parts

  * Robots were powered by 2 12v drill batteries 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Rules" )]

## Rules

The robot size requirement was raised to 3'x3'x4' for Toroid Terror. This had
the disadvantage that robots couldn't fit through a standard doorway, and
there were rumors of robots being assembled in a room, and when they tried to
take it out to ship, it wouldn't fit through a door. The size requirement was
changed for the following years to 3'x30"x4'.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Strategies" )]

## Strategies

The most popular strategy was to extend the height of the center column (which
would only hold one inner tube). Teams would put a tube or similar structure
on top of the center column, which would allow more inner tubes to fit
centered above the column.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Robots" )]

## Robots

Team [121's](/index.php/121 "121" ) robot, Aquatread intentionally tipped its
opponents.

Team [47](/index.php/47 "47" ) would block the opponent's player's station in
the finals, which were only 1v1. This stopped many teams from scoring and
helped them to second place.

Beatty &amp; Hammond [71](/index.php/71 "71" ) won the championship because
they pulled off the center capping strategy faster and smoother then anyone
else.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
Misc Info" )]

## Misc Info

  * The [Placebo](/index.php/Placebo "Placebo" ) was called showbot and shot confetti into the crowd. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [firstrobotics.net 1997 gallery](http://firstrobotics.net/97Gallery/index.htm "http://firstrobotics.net/97Gallery/index.htm" )
  * [Team 140's description](http://www.surko.net/first/competition/1997/index.html "http://www.surko.net/first/competition/1997/index.html" )
  * [Team 177's description](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1997.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/1997.html" )
  * [Team 45 History Compilation](http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php "http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit" ) to make
a significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Toroid_Terror>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Toroid_Terror
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Toroid_Terror)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Toroid_Terror)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Toroid_Terror)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Toroid_Terror)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Toroid_Terror)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Toroid_Terror&oldid=58934)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:55, 7 April 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 8,652 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

