As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 58

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![ ](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif " " ) |  **This article or
section needs to be updated.**  
Parts of this article or section have been identified as no longer being up to
date.  
Please update the article to reflect recent events, and remove this template
when finished. |  [![ ](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png
/50px-600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png " " )  
---|---|---  
  
  

The Riot Crew  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/8/81/58_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:58_logo.gif "Team
logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 1996  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | South Portland ME USA  
School: | South Portland High School  
Approx. size: | 30  
Team Website: | <http://www.riotcrew.org/>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/58
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/58" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/58
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/58" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc58
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc58" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Team projects
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Accomplishments
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Members List
    * 6.1 Students
    * 6.2 Alumni
    * 6.3 Mentors  
---  
  

## History

**This history needs to be split into seperate articles.**   
This section should be for general history, such as formation, general growth,
etc.  
Expanded yearly history should go into a team-year artical, see the
[formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) page
for help.  
---  
  
The South Portland High School Robotics Team began in 1995 with 25 students, 3
teachers and 4 engineers from National Semiconductor. US First was only in its
6th year and our Team 58 number was assigned. Our low number lets other teams
know we have been here since the early years. We are proud that our first
year's performance earned a Rookie of the Year award.

By 1997 we hired our coach and found classroom space at the High School. Five
parents also joined the team as mentors to help the students build self-
confidence and life skills through science education. One female student
earned a scholarship to Worchester Institute of Technology as a result of her
work with Robotics.

In 1998 the competition was held in Hartford, CT and 35 students participated
in the building of the robot. Student fundraisers reinforced teamwork and work
ethic to our students. We began to reach out to the community by demonstrating
the robot to the public at the Maine Mall. Happily, we placed 3rd in New
England at Hartford.

By 2000, forty students had joined the team to learn about Robotics including
2 middle school students and a Cape Elizabeth high schooler. Parent volunteers
formed a Booster organization to help coordinate the fundraising and planning.
As expected of engineers, our bottle drives were micromanaged. Each vehicle
driver was given a map of a city neighborhood. He/she was expected to
completely canvas the area without overlapping any area not on the map. High
profits were yielded, as predicted. In addition to the First competition, the
students attended the Maine State Science Fair, and the Technology Conference
at the University of Southern Maine.

The complexity of the robots steadily increased. By 2001 we expanded our use
of pneumatics and the train drive was more developed than ever. Redundant
drive mechanisms were designed to enhance the robots traction. The team
developed a highly advanced method of profiling other teams. This strengthened
our ability to create effective strategies with alliances. The team's
resources expanded to include computers and PDAs. Our engineers, teachers and
parent volunteers never ran out of things to do! Every team member honed
problem solving skills in an environment of cooperation. The enthusiasm and
excitement of the competition in New Haven, CT made all the work of the build
cycle worthwhile.

In March of 2003, The South Portland Riot Crew placed 1st at the Manchester,
NH BAE Regional Event! and qualified for nationals. The team also won the
Motorola Quality Award. The trip to Atlanta, GA in April of 2004 was a
momentous reward for the team. The positive energy and advanced science ideas
that brought students from around the world made life-long memories for the
crew. Several students who were inspired by their experiences headed to
college for engineering degrees.

Each year brings improvements in the team's planning and execution of the
competition. Students are more involved in actual design and building than
ever before. Brainstorming sessions that evaluate a young student's ideas
along side a professional engineer's teaches everyone that good science is
exciting and anything is possible. Computer programming skills are now an
integral part of the robot design with the introduction of autonomous mode in
competition. Fundraising is a steady constant through bottle drives and our
gratitude to Fairchild Semiconductor as a sponsor is at an all time high. For
the 2005 competition in Manchester, NH, 24 students, 2 teachers, 4 engineers
and many parents will match their best efforts against the premier thinkers
and most motivated teams in the nation. We look forward to great results!

[[edit](/index.php?title=58&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Team
projects" )]

## Team projects

  * Project Example 


## Robots

  * [1996 - Sam](/index.php/Sam_%2858%29 "Sam \(58\)" )
  * [1997 - SamSon](/index.php/SamSon_%2858%29 "SamSon \(58\)" )
  * [1998 - Maximum Overdrive](/index.php/Maximum_Overdrive_%2858%29 "Maximum Overdrive \(58\)" )
  * [1999 - Green Reaper](/index.php/Green_Reaper_%2858%29 "Green Reaper \(58\)" )
  * [2000 - Chain Reaction](/index.php/Chain_Reaction_%2858%29 "Chain Reaction \(58\)" )
  * [2001 - Chompers](/index.php/Chompers_%2858%29 "Chompers \(58\)" )
  * [2002 - Clawed Hopper](/index.php/Clawed_Hopper_%2858%29 "Clawed Hopper \(58\)" )
  * [2003 - Box-Tah](/index.php/Box-Tah_%2858%29 "Box-Tah \(58\)" )
  * [2004 - Birch Bot](/index.php/Birch_Bot_%2858%29 "Birch Bot \(58\)" )
  * [2005 - Tetra Conductor](/index.php?title=TetraConductor_%2858%29&action=edit "TetraConductor \(58\)" )


## Accomplishments

  * Rookie of the Year Award, Hartford Regional (1996) 
  * Second Place Finish, Hartford Regional (2000) 
  * First Place Finish, Granite State Regional (2003) 
  * Motorola Quality Award, Granite State Regional (2003) 
  * Second Place Finish, Granite State Regional (2005) 
  * Website Award, Granite State Regional (2005) 
  * Xerox Creativity Award, Granite State Regional (2006) 


## Sponsors

  * [Fairchild Semiconductor](http://www.fairchildsemi.com/ "http://www.fairchildsemi.com/" )


## Members List

  * Pending permission from members. 


### Students

  * Student Example - Student Year 


### Alumni

  * Alumni Example - Alumni Present Location, Class of XXXX 


### Mentors

  * Mentor Example (position example) 
_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )
[3001-3100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3001-3100 "Index of teams" )
[3101-3200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3101-3200 "Index of teams" )
[3201-3300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3201-3300 "Index of teams" )
[3301-3400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3301-3400 "Index of teams" )
[3401-3500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3401-3500 "Index of teams" )
[3501-3600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3501-3600 "Index of teams" )
[3601-3700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3601-3700 "Index of teams" )
[3701-3800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3701-3800 "Index of teams" )
[3801-3900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3801-3900 "Index of teams" )
[3901-4000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3901-4000 "Index of teams" )
[4001-4100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#4001-4100 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
