# 492

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Titan Robotics Club  
---  
[![TRC logo](/media/b/b8/TRClogo2004.jpg)](/index.php/Image:TRClogo2004.jpg
"TRC logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 2001  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Bellevue, Washington, USA  
School: | International School  
Approx. size: | 52  
Team info: | [my.usfirst.org](https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=t
eaminfo&team=492
"https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=teaminfo&team=492" )  
TBA page: |
[thebluealliance.net](http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=492
"http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=492" )  
Team Website: | <http://www.titanrobotics.net/>  
  
  
The Titan Robotics Club (Team 492) is based at the International School in
Bellevue, Washington.

## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 2001
    * 1.2 2002
    * 1.3 2003
    * 1.4 2004
    * 1.5 2005
    * 1.6 2006
  * 2 Robots
  * 3 Accomplishments
    * 3.1 2001
    * 3.2 2002
    * 3.3 2003
    * 3.4 2004
    * 3.5 2005
    * 3.6 2006
  * 4 Sponsors
  * 5 Members List
    * 5.1 Students
    * 5.2 Leadership
    * 5.3 Advisors
    * 5.4 Mentors  
---  
  

## History


### 2001

After being introduced to the FIRST Robotics Competition by Bellarmine Prep
(Team 360) in the 2000 season, Larry Barello sought to enter the 2001
Competition closer to home, at his daughter's school, the Bellevue
International School (IS). At the end of Ryan McElroy's Junior year at IS,
Larry came with his old team and made a presentation with the robot he had
helped build the previous year. Interested students signed up; and Ryan
happened to sign up first. That summer, Larry contacted Ryan about getting the
club started. Ryan wrote a constitution for the new club, guided it through
the ASB approval process, and the Titan Robotics Club was born. In the first
year of the Titan Robotics Club (TRC), the club raised over $22,000. The TRC
then got to work. The First Annual TRC Fall Invitational took place in
November. Only one other team showed up (Kamiak), and the TRC entered two
teams. One team built a robot called "Pucker Up" while the other team built
"The Arm." The Arm performed the best, with Pucker Up a close second. Kamiak's
ironclad-look-alike robot had drive train problems, but actually ended up
winning the competition due to rule violations by the two TRC teams. The rules
were, of course, written by the TRC itself. The Fall Invitational was good
preparation for the big event - The 2001 FIRST Robotics Competition. The six-
week contest Kicked-off in the first week of January. The game, "Diabolical
Dynamics," involved four robots on the same team trying to get balls into
baskets, big balls on top of the baskets, the baskets balanced on top of a
teeter-totter bridge, and as many robots as possible to the far side of the
field in as little time as possible. The TRC created Prometheus, a two-
and-a-half by three-foot robot that stood five feet tall and was capable of
lifting two of the 70-plus pound baskets off the ground simultaneously and
balancing on the bridge. The Titan Robotics Club sent over 20 representatives
to San Jose, California for the Silicon Valley Regional, the closest regional
at the time. There, the TRC participated in the top-scoring qualification
match of the event, but was not selected for the elimination matches.
Nevertheless, for the innovative six-wheel drive train design of Prometheus,
the TRC was awarded the Rookie All-Star award by the judges. Several weeks
later, the TRC traveled to Orlando, Florida, where the National Championships
were held. The TRC placed in the middle of the field, quite an accomplishment
considering the 380 teams present at the event. Well out of the running for
the elimination matches, the TRC joined with three other teams in a festival
of fun, successfully completing a death-defying leap off of the teeter-totter,
and winning the "Incredible Play" award for the Galileo division. After the
excitement of the FIRST competition, the TRC began to spread the word about
FIRST. The TRC went to the national convention for "Tomorrow's Classroom" held
in Seattle to promote FIRST, and made appearances in the community at
locations such as Crossroads mall in Bellevue. The efforts succeeded - enough
teams were started for the 2002 season in the Pacific Northwest that FIRST
promised that there would be a regional in Seattle the following year. The
Pacific Northwest Regional, now held in the Bank of America Pavilion at the
University of Washington in early April, debuted the next year.


### 2002

In 2002, the club diversified with the inclusion of our entry into the Middle
School FIRST Lego League program, aimed to serve as a stepping stone into the
mainstream FIRST Robotics competitions. This program was extremely successful
and won a trophy in its first season. The High School Team received several
awards during this very successful FIRST season including Second Place at the
Seattle Local Competition, Third Seed at the Los Angeles Regional, and the
prestigious Judge's Award for innovative design and excellence in engineering.
The team finished the year by holding robotics design and electronics classes,
and then team members built MINI sumo robots and entered them in the Seattle
Robotics Society Robothon in May.


### 2003

The 2003 season has been very successful for both of our teams. The TRC hosted
the very first FIRST Lego League Tournament in Washington State in 2002 with
the powerful combination of parental involvement, mentorship, as well as a
devoted and organized student group, including helping a number of local
Middle Schools start FLL teams. The High School mainstream FIRST team hosted
our Second invitational competition, at which the team competed against
several local high school teams. This invitational was coordinated mostly by
the students, demonstrating our club's ability to spawn leadership, as well as
engineering excellence from our talented group of individuals. Titan Robotics
Participated in the FIRST Robotics Competitions in San Jose (where we finished
in the semi-finals, and brought home the Entrepreneurship Award), and in
Seattle (Where we finished second in the finals, bringing home the Semi-
Finalist Award, the Inspiration in Engineering award, and the Website Award).
The 2003 season was our club's most successful season in the history of the
team, in that we were able to recruit 15% of our school into the club, and
came home with 4 trophies from our High School team, and another 4 from our
Middle School teams, which is the most our club had ever won in a single year,
despite all the financial troubles that we had to meet.


### 2004

In its fourth season, the Titan Robotics Club is now bigger than ever. Running
three Lego League teams, one FIRST Robotics team, as well as a Battle Bots
team, the TRC has expanded from a simple idea four years ago to the most
advanced robotics club in Washington State. This year with the mentorship of
our dedicated college alumni (Ryan McElroy, Bobby Moretti, and more who have
returned to help out), new members are quickly learning the different trades
that they need to build a competitive robot in the short period of time that
is given. Although the club is organized into several efficient branches
(promotions, animations, website design, etc), our largest struggle to date is
fundraising. After losing support from the Bellevue Schools Foundation last
year and NASA this year, the Titan Robotics Club is facing an uncertain
financial future. While generous donations from local businesses like
Chaplins' Automotive Group are helping us move forward with our plans, we are
still in need of more sponsors. Additionally, the remodelling of the
International School has caused us to lose our workshop area for at least the
2004 FIRST season. But in the end, Titan Robotics beats the odds by continuing
to have very succesful outcomes, winning the Pacific Northwest Regional and
the Website Design Award.


### 2005

In its fifth season, TRC started the year strong with a huge fundraising
effort to make enough money to enter FIRST again this year. Through hard work
and the support of our community, we were able to raise enough money to enter
the Pacific Northwest Regional. With the support and wisdom of our Lead Mentor
Ryan McElroy, founder and alumni of the TRC, as well as other alumni including
Amy McIvor and Bobby Moretti, the TRC should have another successful FIRST
season.


### 2006

In its sixth year, the TRC was recognized with the most prestigous FIRST
award, The Chairman's Award, for its long history of school and community
involvement and its work in spreading the word about FIRST and inspiring its
members and the larger community to consider science, engineering and
technology as careers to pursue.


## Robots

  * [Oceanus (492)](/index.php?title=Oceanus_%28492%29&action=edit "Oceanus \(492\)" )\- [492 in 2007](/index.php?title=492_in_2007&action=edit "492 in 2007" )
  * [Gaea (492)](/index.php?title=Gaea_%28492%29&action=edit "Gaea \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2006](/index.php?title=492_in_2006&action=edit "492 in 2006" )
  * [Tyr (492)](/index.php/Tyr_%28492%29 "Tyr \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2005](/index.php?title=492_in_2005&action=edit "492 in 2005" )
  * [Atlas (492)](/index.php/Atlas_%28492%29 "Atlas \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2004](/index.php?title=492_in_2004&action=edit "492 in 2004" )
  * [Hyperion (492)](/index.php/Hyperion_%28492%29 "Hyperion \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2003](/index.php/492_in_2003 "492 in 2003" )
  * [Chronos (492)](/index.php/Chronos_%28492%29 "Chronos \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2002](/index.php/492_in_2002 "492 in 2002" )
  * [Prometheus (492)](/index.php/Prometheus_%28492%29 "Prometheus \(492\)" ) \- [492 in 2001](/index.php/492_in_2001 "492 in 2001" )


## Accomplishments


### 2001

  * Rookie All Star Award, Silicon Valley Regional 
  * Incredible Play Award, International Championships Competition at Orlando, Florida 


### 2002

  * Finalist, Southern California Regional 
  * Third Seed, Southern California Regional 
  * Judges' Award, Southern California Regional 
  * Finalist, Pacific Northwest Regional 


### 2003

  * Semi-Finalist, San Jose Regional 
  * Entrepreneurship Award, San Jose Regional 
  * Finalist, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * Engineering Inspiration Award, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * Website Design Award, Pacific Northwest Regional 


### 2004

  * Winner, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * First Seed, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * Website Design Award, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * Division Semi-Finalists, International Championships Competition at Atlanta, Georgia 


### 2005

  * Winner, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * First Seed, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * General Motors Industrial Design Award, Pacific Northwest Regional 
  * Divison Finalists, International Championships Competition at Atlanta, Georgia 


### 2006

  * Winner, Pacific Northwest Regional Chairman's Award 


## Sponsors

  * International School ASB/PTSA 
  * Badge Magic 
  * Silverfir.net 
  * Interwest Metals 
  * Barello.net 
  * DeVry University 
  * The Hovander Family 


## Members List


### Students


### Leadership

  * Chief Executive Officer (CEO): Ian Hovander 
  * Chief Operating Officer (COO): Erik Wells-Thulin 
  * Chief Financial Officer (CFO): Ann Tseng 
  * Chief Information Officer (CIO): Katelyn Malmsten 


### Advisors

  * Brad Moore 


### Mentors

  * Amy McIvor 
  * Daniel Marsh 
  * Andy Gebhart 
  * Burt Hovander 
  * Joel Voss 
  * Larry Barello 
  * Bill Herman 

  

_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )  
  
  

_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
  

