As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Violetsil

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Los Angeles Colocation – The IT Needs Of A Small Organization**

A data center is a centralized physical or virtual repository that stores,
manages, and disseminates data and information organized around a particular
body of knowledge or pertaining to a particular business. A public data center
such as National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) maintains the world's largest
archive of weather information. On the other hand, a private data center
exists within an organization's facilities or is maintained as a specialized
facility. According to experts, every organization has a data center, which
people may refer it as a server room or even a computer closet. Basically,
data centers Los Angelesare network operations centers (NOC) that restrict
access to area containing automated systems constantly monitoring server
activity, Web traffic and network performance.

A new concept in the data center field is green data center.Here, mechanical,
lighting, electrical and computer systems are designed for maximum energy
efficiency and minimum environmental impact. Advanced technologies and
strategies are used to construct and operatesuch as data centers. Like
everything else, data centers also require maintenance. A commensurate effort
to ensure that the systems run efficiently helps the IT facility to deliver
top-notch performance. A data center, if not maintained,may cause downtime or
other inefficiencies that affect performance. Possible difficulties may
include failure of a cooling system or server. Moreover, users may take longer
to perform detain tasks, or automated systems may drop in throughput.

Colocation provides hosting option to small businesses who want features of a
large IT department without increasing the costs. These individual and small
companies,unlike large organizations, don’t have the Internet infrastructure
to host their own web servers and afford a team of IT professionals to manage
and design the site. The options may range from simple hosting to running own
Web servers off of a dedicated connection. _[**Los Angeles
colocation**](http://www.ix2.net/about.htm "http://www.ix2.net/about.htm" )_
allowsplacing server machine in someone else’s rack and sharing their
bandwidth. Though it generally costs more than standard Web hosting, it’s less
than a comparable amount of bandwidth. Once havingset upa machine, it is taken
physically to the location of the colocation provider and is installed in
their rack or a server machine is rented from the colocation provider.
Theorganization then provides an IP, bandwidth and power to the server.

The biggest advantage of colocation is the bandwidth cost. For instance, for
the same price or less of a low cost limited bandwidth business grade DSL
line, a single server can be placed in a colocation facility providing higher
bandwidth speeds and better redundancy for the network connections. The
savings are even greater if the only dedicated network access is a more
expensive full or fractional T1 lines. For more details, visit :
_[**http://www.ix2.net/**](http://www.ix2.net/ "http://www.ix2.net/" )_

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Violetsil>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Violetsil&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Violetsil)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Violetsil&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Violetsil&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Violetsil&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Violetsil)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Violetsil)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Violetsil)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Violetsil)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Violetsil&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Violetsil&oldid=268877)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 10:01, 24 July 2012.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

