As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:Village pump

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * **Village pump**
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
  
This is a place to talk about anything **FIRSTwiki related**. If the
discussion is more appropriate on some other page, move it there. For example,
if it is a question and answer that others may find useful move it to [user
questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" ).

Old items on this page can be found at [Archive
1](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_1 "FIRSTwiki:Village pump/Archive
1" ), [2](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_2 "FIRSTwiki:Village
pump/Archive 2" ), [3](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_3
"FIRSTwiki:Village pump/Archive 3" ),
[4](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_4 "FIRSTwiki:Village
pump/Archive 4" ), [5](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5
"FIRSTwiki:Village pump/Archive 5" ).

Topics not touched for about a week should be moved to [FIRSTwiki:Village
pump/Archive 6](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_6 "FIRSTwiki:Village
pump/Archive 6" ).

## Contents

  * 1 FIRSTwiki-related
    * 1.1 Alive?
    * 1.2 Other
    * 1.3 Zero tolerance policy on spam?
    * 1.4 Updated Main Page to Improve FLL Team Navigation
    * 1.5 Team Indices
    * 1.6 FIRST Blogs to use FIRSTwiki
    * 1.7 Random pictures  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: FIRSTwiki-related" )]

# FIRSTwiki-related

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Alive?" )]

## Alive?

Is this place still alive? Hello? [Chief Delphi
Topic](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?t=83976
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?t=83976" )
[Tanner](/index.php/User:TannerLD "User:TannerLD" ) 18:38, 8 March 2010 (EST)

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Other" )]

## Other

No one's touched this since Aug, so I updated the archive.
--[[User:Astronouth7303|[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303
"User:Astronouth7303" ) ([1227](/index.php/1227 "1227" ))]] 16:39, 24 Nov 2004
(EST)

How do we get ahold of an administrator on this system??? Where is their email
hiding? My user account was created, but now I can't log in, change anything
in my profile (including mod of email address or password), nor will it email
me a new password!!! Help! Thanks! - Kmcclary

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Zero tolerance policy on spam?" )]

##  Zero tolerance policy on spam?

After several attacks of spam (including repeat performances), I am sick and
tired of mopping up. I'm therefore proposing a **zero-tolerance policy towards
spam.** Basically, we put a notice in the edit text, and anyone who spams,
google-bombs, etc. gets blocked, with an increasing periods for seriousness of
offense and past offenses. --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303
"User:Astronouth7303" ) 19:02, 7 Nov 2005 (EST)

    Couldn't agree more. I spent a couple of hours restoring pages myself a week or two ago. What a pain. [PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" ) 19:16, 9 Nov 2005 (EST) 

     Indeed...I spent this morning cleaning up after 219.240.12.173 's Viagra ads. (Which were written in HTML and thus stripped by the WikiEditor anyway.) [Ed](/index.php?title=User:11Ed71&action=edit "User:11Ed71" ) 09:53, 11 July 2006 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Updated Main Page to Improve FLL Team Navigation" )]

## Updated Main Page to Improve FLL Team Navigation

Looking for experienced users to vet what I've done and advise if it makes
sense. There is only one FLL team page right now (my team) so here are three
ways you can browse to my team's page from the home page. Let me know if this
feels intuitive. I've designed this so that when an FLL team creates their
page if the use the official FLL team page template then they will
"automatically" be navigable via all three of the below techniques...

  1. From the main page - click **FLL Teams by Name**. Once there are more FLL teams since this is a category referenced from the template any team that uses the template will automatically end up on this page alphabetically. 
  2. From the main page - click **FLL Teams by Location**, then Click Connecticut to find my team's page. Again as long as FLL teams put their location in they should be navigable from this page. 
  3. From the main page - click **FLL Teams by Year Founded**, then click 1999 - FIRST Contact to find my team's page. Again, as long as an FLL team puts the year founded in when the create their page they'll be navigable via this link. 

I think I've made it easy for new FLL teams. My next plan of action would be
to create a "how to" guide for new FLL users that would walk them through
exactly how to create their team page and verify that it is fully navigable.

Comments? Suggestions? --[PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" )
11:34, 27 May 2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Team Indices" )]

##  Team Indices

If you notice, pages like [Index of teams]], [Index of teams by
region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of teams by region" ), and
[Index of teams by age](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_age "Index of teams by
age" ) are no longer maintained. I recomend moving them to categories. Any
ideas on how to implement this? (The rookie year has already been done, it's
just that [teamtable](/index.php/Template:Teamtable "Template:Teamtable" )
needs to be added to the rest of the pages.)
--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )
13:54, 9 Jun 2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: FIRST Blogs to use FIRSTwiki" )]

##  FIRST Blogs to use FIRSTwiki

In case people are interested: The next major release of [FIRST
Blogs](/index.php/FIRST_Blogs "FIRST Blogs" ) (which will include a number of
significant updates) wil make use of data from this wiki on some pages (e.g.
providing background information about teams/particularly notable members of
the FIRST community and what not). I coded that part today (launch will be in
the near future). -- Tim (tim@openfirst.org); 28 April 2006.

    That sounds great. I don't really know how you are implementing it, but it would be good if traffic gets directed to the actual FIRSTwiki site or links are placed to edit content. More FIRSTwiki readers is good, but more FIRSTwiki writers is even better. [Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )] 20:05, 28 April 2006 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Random pictures" )]

##  Random pictures

There are a lot of random pictures that are not linked to from any page (eg,
[Media:BenControlsFun.JPG](/media/d/df/BenControlsFun.JPG "BenControlsFun.JPG"
)). What is our policy on those? Delete? Leave them? (They also have a
tendency to be named poorly!)
--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )
15:29, 3 July 2007 (EDT)

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3AVillage_pum
p "Special:Categories" ): [FIRST MetaWiki](/index.php/Category:FIRST_MetaWiki
"Category:FIRST MetaWiki" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Village_pump)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump&oldid=75340)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 23:39, 8 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 36,719 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

