

# How-to

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**How-to** articles attempt to describe how to go about common tasks. For instance, a [programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ) how-to might describe the process of [downloading a program](/index.php/Downloading_a_program "Downloading a program" ), while a [team management](/index.php/Team_management "Team management" ) how-to might describe the process of [starting a team](/index.php/Starting_a_team "Starting a team" ). This page lists the variuos how-tos that [FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) currently has, or would like to have. 

## Contents

  * 1 Animation
  * 2 Programming Pre-2009
  * 3 Drive train
  * 4 Electrical
  * 5 Mechanical
    * 5.1 Manufacturing
  * 6 Website
  * 7 Team management
  * 8 External Links  
---  
  

## Animation

[Animation](/index.php/Animation "Animation" ) how-tos deal with animation
issues specifically related to [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ). See also
the [Autodesk Visualization Award](/index.php/Autodesk_Visualization_Award
"Autodesk Visualization Award" ).

  * [Network rendering](/index.php/Network_rendering "Network rendering" )
  * [Using 3ds max](/index.php?title=Using_3ds_max&action=edit "Using 3ds max" )
  * [Creating texture maps](/index.php/Creating_texture_maps "Creating texture maps" )


## Programming Pre-2009

[Programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ) how-to's deal with
programming issues specifically related to FIRST. The articles should focus on
programming the [Robot
Controller](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%282007%29&action=edit "Robot
Controller \(2007\)" ) used from 2004-2008, though articles on
[PBASIC](/index.php/PBASIC "PBASIC" ) are acceptable.

  *     * [Downloading a program](/index.php/Downloading_a_program "Downloading a program" )
    * [Modifying main.c](/index.php?title=Modifying_main.c&action=edit "Modifying main.c" )
    * [Multiple autonomous modes](/index.php/Multiple_autonomous_modes "Multiple autonomous modes" )
    * [Using interrupts](/index.php/Using_interrupts "Using interrupts" )
    * [Creating a PID controller](/index.php/Creating_a_PID_controller "Creating a PID controller" )
    * [PIC C for dummies](/index.php?title=PIC_C_for_dummies&action=edit "PIC C for dummies" )
    * [Using the TTL port](/index.php?title=Using_the_TTL_port&action=edit "Using the TTL port" )
    * [Writing macros](/index.php/Writing_macros "Writing macros" )
    * [Using the USB chicklet](/index.php/Using_the_USB_chicklet "Using the USB chicklet" )
    * [FRC Functions Index](/index.php?title=FRC_Functions_Index&action=edit "FRC Functions Index" )
    * [Sample Code](/index.php/Sample_Code "Sample Code" )


## Drive train

[Drive train](/index.php/Drive_train "Drive train" ) how-tos deal with drive
train issues specifically related to FIRST. Specific tips from a team's own
experience are appropriate here.


## Electrical

[Electrical](/index.php/Electronics_and_circuitry "Electronics and circuitry"
) how-tos deal with electrical issues directly related to FIRST. Common tasks
on creating a fully functional [control system](/index.php/Control_system
"Control system" ) are appropriate here.

  * [Guide to soldering](/index.php/Guide_to_soldering "Guide to soldering" )
  * [Wire stripping](/index.php/Wire_stripping "Wire stripping" )


## Mechanical

[Mechanical](/index.php/Mechanical_processes_and_tools "Mechanical processes
and tools" ) how-tos deal with mechanical issues directly related to FIRST.
Issues such as guides on using certain [motors](/index.php/Motors "Motors" )
included in the [kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ) would
be appropriate, among other articles.

  * [Modifying a servo](/index.php/Modifying_a_servo "Modifying a servo" )
  * [Multi-positioning with pneumatics](/index.php?title=Multi-positioning_with_pneumatics&action=edit "Multi-positioning with pneumatics" )


### Manufacturing

[Manufacturing](/index.php/Manufacturing "Manufacturing" ) how-tos:

  * [Using a lathe](/index.php/Using_a_lathe "Using a lathe" )
  * [Using a milling machine](/index.php?title=Using_a_milling_machine&action=edit "Using a milling machine" )
  * [Using a tool press](/index.php?title=Using_a_tool_press&action=edit "Using a tool press" )
  * [Operating a CNC mill and lathe](/index.php?title=Operating_a_CNC_mill_and_lathe&action=edit "Operating a CNC mill and lathe" )
    * [G-code guide](/index.php?title=G-code_guide&action=edit "G-code guide" )
  * [Machining](/index.php/Machining "Machining" )


## Website

Website how-tos deal with website issues directly related to FIRST. Issues
dealing with the [Best Website Award](/index.php/Best_Website_Award "Best
Website Award" ) or [Website Excellence
Award](/index.php/Website_Excellence_Award "Website Excellence Award" ) are
appropriate here.

  * [Basic HTML](/index.php/Basic_HTML "Basic HTML" )
  * [Designing a team webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage "Designing a team webpage" )
  * [Using CSS](/index.php/Using_CSS "Using CSS" )


## Team management

[Team management](/index.php/Team_management "Team management" ) how-tos deal
with team management issues directly related to FIRST.

  * [Starting a team](/index.php/Starting_a_team "Starting a team" )
  * [Fundraising](/index.php/Fundraising "Fundraising" )
  * [Creating a non-profit organization](/index.php/Creating_a_non-profit_organization "Creating a non-profit organization" )


## External Links

[White Papers](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/papers.php?
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/papers.php?" ) on
[ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ) offer an excellent source
of how-to type articles offered by the [FIRST
community](/index.php/FIRST_community "FIRST community" ).

