As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 922

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

ULTIMATE: United Longhorn Team Inspiring Mental Attitude Towards Engineering  
---  
[![](/media/6/6a/%28922%29_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:%28922%29_logo.gif "" )  
Rookie Year: | 2002  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Laredo, TX, USA  
School: |  
Approx. size: | 93  
Team Website: | <http://www.uisd.net/robotics>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/922
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/922" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/922
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/922" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc922
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc922" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Team projects
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Awards
  * 5 Sponsors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: History" )]

## History

Website: _<https://www.uetmrobotics.com>_

ULTIMATE (United Longhorn Team Inspiring Mental Attitude Towards Engineering)
was founded in 2002. The team has grown from 20 members in its heyday to 100+
today, but not only has the team grown in numbers, but in other aspects as
well. ULTIMATE concentrates on two things: promoting engineering and
technology and preparing its members for their future careers. Our team's
corporate style organization allows us to manage our large number of students
and achieve our team's objectives

[[edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Team
projects" )]

## Team projects

ULTIMATE launched its FIRST Lego League team in Laredo, Texas in 2005. Three
years later we made history, holding the first robotics camp in south Texas.
The robotics camp has been held for 6 weeks each summer since 2008. During the
fall we are planning on spreading the word of FIRST even more and attempting
to start a Lego League team in every middle school.

  
Along with this project, the team has developed and executed a variety of
presentations for the community. One of our favorite projects is the
participation at the LCC Family Fun Fest at Laredo Community College. In
addition, the team performs community service while promoting awareness in
engineering, science, and technology.

[[edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: Robots" )]

## Robots

  * 2008- Berzerker 
  * 2007- Jimmy Angus 
  * 2006- The Reaper 
  * 2005- No Regrets 
  * 2004- MunE-14 
  * 2003- H2 
  * 2002- Hercules 

[[edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Awards" )]

## Awards

FIRST Robotics ::

  * 2009- FIRST Lone Star Entrepreneurship Award 
  * **2008- Championship Judges' Award**
  * 2008- Lone Star Regional Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield, and Byer Entrepreneurship Award 
  * 2008- Chrysler Team Spirit Award 
  * 2008- Woodie Flowers Award (Mrs.L.Rodriguez) 
  * **2007- Championship Judges' Award**
  * 2007- Lone Star Regional Chairman's Award 
  * 2007- Lone Star Regional Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield, and Byer Entrepreneurship Award 
  * 2006- Championship Participant 
  * 2006- Lone Star Regional Chairman's Award 
  * 2006- Lone Star Regional Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield, and Byer Entrepreneurship Award 
  * 2006- Lone Star Regional Finalist 
  * 2005- Lone Star Regional Engineering Inspiration Award 
  * 2004- Championship Participant 
  * 2004- Lone Star Regional Quarterfinalist 
  * 2003- Lone Star Regional Engineering Inspiration Award 
  * 2002- Lone Star Regional Rookie All-Star Award 

BEST Robotics ::

  * **2010- BEST National 2nd Place BEST Award**
  * **2010- BEST National 2nd Place Robot Competition**
  * **2010- BEST National Best Video Award**
  * 2010- San Antonio BEST 1st Place BEST Award 
  * 2010- San Antonio BEST Founders Award 
  * 2010- San Antonio BEST Spirit and Sportsmanship Award 
  * 2009- SA BEST 1st Place BEST Award 
  * 2009- Texas BEST 2nd Place BEST Award 
  * 2007- Texas BEST 1st Place Oral Prsentation 
  * 2007- San Antonio Best 1st Place Overall 
  * 2007- San Antonio Best 3rd Place Robot Finalist 
  * 2007- San Antonio BEST Most Robust Award 
  * 2006- Texas BEST 2nd Place Award 
  * 2006- Texas BEST Spirit and Sportsmanship Award 
  * 2006- San Antonio BEST 1st Place Award 
  * 2006- San Antonio BEST Spirit and Sportsmanhip Award 
  * 2005- Texas BEST Participant 
  * 2005- San Antonio BEST 2nd Place BEST Award 
  * 2005- San Antonio BEST Spirit and Sportsmanship Award 
  * 2004- San Antonio BEST Table Display and Interview Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Sponsors" )]

## Sponsors

  * Women's City Club 
  * Powell Watson -Laredo 
  * Black Diamond LTD. Energy 

*** AEP**

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/922>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=922
"Special:Categories" ): [922](/index.php?title=Category:922&action=edit
"Category:922" ) | [Rookie 2002](/index.php/Category:Rookie_2002
"Category:Rookie 2002" ) | [Teams](/index.php/Category:Teams "Category:Teams"
)

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/922)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:922&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=922&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=922&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=922)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/922)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/922)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=922&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=922&oldid=77679)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:33, 23 January 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 6,634 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

