As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Xison7sdidn

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Virginia, government square off over healthcare
  * 2 Yankees sign Soriano in bid to strengthen bullpen
  * 3 Factbox Golf-World number one Luke Donald
  * 4 Numbers tell the story of Federer's U.S. Open shocker
  * 5 Sweat-prone athletes may be protected from asthma
  * 6 France's Turgot facing ban for test no shows
  * 7 Federer's motivation faces Melbourne Park test
  * 8 ETF investors favor BlackRock over Vanguard in April
  * 9 Octogenarians have more heart surgery, live longer
  * 10 Obesity hurts a woman's chances of conception
  * 11 Healthy waist may be a bit bigger for black women
  * 12 Scientists find blood protein link to Alzheimer's
  * 13 Green tea drinkers show less disability with age study
  * 14 Shaq fined for criticizing referee
  * 15 FDA calls Medtronic drug pump warning Class I
  * 16 FACTBOX Embryonic stem cells, the ultimate master cell
  * 17 Spending on biotech drug prescriptions rising
  * 18 Global shares, euro resilient after Europe's elections
  * 19 Cash-strapped states bet on corporate tax cuts
  * 20 Steve Jobs death spawns collectibles, but few sales
  * 21 Euro, global stocks rise on Greece bailout hopes
  * 22 Beem builds on fast start to set early pace at Pebble Beach
  * 23 Tour de France riders produce sweat and tweets
  * 24 Athletics Showman Bolt finally a legend
  * 25 Democrats wrestle with abortion on health bill
  * 26 Dodgers did not pay owner McCourt in last 2 years
  * 27 Penn State officials to stand trial in abuse scandal
  * 28 High jumper Williams makes the cut for London Games
  * 29 NFL's Pacman Jones to pay $11.6 million for Las Vegas shoo
  * 30 Serena goes from brush with death to Wimbledon favorite
  * 31 Tiger toils to another 69 after early sizzle
  * 32 Westwood romps seven shots clear at Sun City
  * 33 Jobs data strikes optimistic note for economy
  * 34 Beckham probably too old for England says coach
  * 35 Yang retains one-shot lead at Honda Classic
  * 36 IRS revives offshore tax dodger forgiveness
  * 37 Occupation a key factor in men's lung cancer risk
  * 38 Insight John Paulson's returns falter again; investors fret
  * 39 U.S. bid to end Russian drought without Williams factor
  * 40 WHO warns of high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity
  * 41 Bladder control problems more common in ADHD
  * 42 Government went too far in Balco sports drug case, says cour  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Virginia, government square off over healthcare" )]

##  Virginia, government square off over healthcare

RICHMOND, Virginia (Reuters) - The state of Virginia and the government were
pitched in a legal battle in a federal courtroom on Thursday that could lead
to the undoing of the massive healthcare reform law passed three months ago.

"The whole bill falls if we prevail and the individual mandate is found
unconstitutional," he said, adding that there is no way to severe the
provision from the rest of the law.

At the heart of the federal argument is the idea that all Americans
participate in a healthcare marketplace even when they do not have insurance.
Because they already engage in commerce, Gershengorn said, the Commerce Clause
applies to their decision to purchase or not to purchase insurance.

"This is a radical, radical claim of power,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" )," said Virginia Solicitor General
Duncan Getchell

  

Virginia's Republican Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli would not comment on
the likelihood that Hudson will dismiss the suit, but said he was "cautiously
optimistic we have a better than even chance of prevailing."

Virginia says the healthcare law would represent the first time the U.S.
government forces its citizens to buy something.

Hudson seemed skeptical of the idea that everyone in the country participates
in the commerce of healthcare,Related Theme Articles:

  * <http://whatworkswell.net/index.php/User:Xison8ddidn#Economy_grew_sluggishly_in_recent_weeks__Fed>&lt;li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;, saying that this could establish the paradox that a form of economic inactivity - not buying insurance - would be considered an economic activity.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Before President Barack Obama signed the radical overhaul of the multibillion dollar health insurance industry into law, Virginia's legislature passed its own law that took effect on Thursday that says no one could be mandated to buy health insurance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;In its argument, the U.S. government said the requirement to buy health insurance falls under the Commerce Clause, the constitutional provision allowing the federal government to regulate commerce between states. Also, the Constitution says that the federal government's power is higher than the states'.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Legal analysts say there is a good possibility one of these cases will reach the highest court in the country,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), but most say there is only a slim chance that the Supreme Court will rule in the states' favor.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;He did not question as much the federal government's other argument that Virginia cannot pass a law opting out of a federal law.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Judge Henry Hudson of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Richmond heard the federal government's arguments to dismiss a lawsuit filed by Virginia that contends the healthcare law's requirement that all Americans have health insurance is unconstitutional.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If the Supreme Court ultimately finds the "individual mandate" unconstitutional, it would undo the mammoth piece of legislation that has served as the cornerstone of Obama's presidency,Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison9bdidn>&lt;li&gt; ,[Gucci Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/ "http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), Cuccinelli told reporters on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;U.S. Department of Justice attorney Ian Gershengorn argued that the
lawsuit should be dismissed because Virginia lacks standing to challenge the
healthcare law. Instead, he said, a person having to pay a fine for not having
health insurance as required by the new law would have to sue.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Gershengorn warned that if Virginia's law is allowed to trump federal
law, other states could decide to pass laws saying their citizens do not have
to participate in other federal programs,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), such as the gas tax, U.S. census
or military draft.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Cuccinelli said the healthcare law was an example of the federal
government extending its reach beyond the limits the Constitution places on
its power.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Some $43 billion a year is spent on treating people who don't have
health insurance, Gershengorn said.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Politics Health Healthcare Reform
    

&lt;p&gt;If the case is not dismissed, both sides will return to court on
October 18 for a summary judgment. If it is dismissed, Virginia will likely
appeal and keep the suit in the courts. Regardless, other lawsuits will
proceed,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison1xdidn>&lt;li&gt;
,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/"
), including one filed in Florida by more than a dozen states. In July alone,
the federal government will have to argue in court twice,[Louis Vuitton
Factory Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), once in California on July 16
and once in Michigan on July 21.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While the judge will only decide if the suit can proceed -- a
decision Hudson said he would render within 30 days -- the court heard the
first airing of arguments that could make their way to the Supreme Court as
some states resist implementing the law.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Although some provisions of the healthcare law came on-line on
Thursday, including a tax on tanning salons intended to partially pay for the
reforms and a centralized federal healthcare Web site, the individual mandate
is set to go into effect in 2014.&lt;/p&gt;


##  Yankees sign Soriano in bid to strengthen bullpen

,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Xison7adidn>&lt;li&gt; ,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" )&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Gene Cherry
in Salvo,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&g
t;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison0rdidn#Venus_falls_to_Pironkova_in_l
ast_16_at_Wimbledon>&lt;li&gt; , North Carolina; Editing by Frank
Pingue)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Yankees signed free agent reliever
Rafael Soriano, giving the team one of the top late-inning relief
combinations,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/233595>&lt;li&gt; ,
according to a report on Major League Baseball's (MLB) official website on
Friday.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;Soriano,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www
.guccibags-bags.com/" ), who led the American League with 45 saves in 48
attempts last season with the Tampa Bay Rays, has to pass a physical before
his three-year,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), $35 million contract can be officially
announced,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), MLB said on their website
(www.mlb.com).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The 31-year-old right-handed pitcher from the Dominican Republic is
expected to be a setup man for longtime Yankees closer Mariano Rivera and fill
in as the closer on days when the fellow All-Star is unavailable to
pitch.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Soriano could also become the Yankees closer after the two-year
contract Rivera signed in December expires.&lt;/p&gt;


##  Factbox Golf-World number one Luke Donald

&lt;p&gt;* Came under pressure from world number two Rory McIlroy in the race
to win the European Tour order of merit. When the Northern Irishman failed to
win the Dubai World Championship,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison3tdidn#Analysis__Awful_Franc
e_prove_doubters_right>&lt;li&gt; , it was confirmed Donald would finish
top.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Compiled by Tom Pilcher; Editing by Clare Fallon)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Beat Lee Westwood in a playoff at the PGA Championship at Wentworth
in May,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ), replacing his compatriot as world number one.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Despite poor showings at the U.S. Open and British Open, Donald won
the Scottish Open in between the two majors in early July and recorded another
top-10 finish at the year's final major,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.3dchessfederation.com/index.php/User:Xison2udidn#Nerve_b
lock_cuts_hot_flashes_after_breast_cancer>&lt;li&gt; ,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), the U.S. PGA Championship in
August.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Donald maintained his consistency until the U.S. PGA Tour's season-
ending Disney Classic where,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ),
having to win to pip American Webb Simpson for the money-list title, he fired
a closing eight-under 64 to claim his fourth victory of the season.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Won the European Masters and Scandinavian Masters on the European
Tour in 2004.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;20ll SUCCESS&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;* Won the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship in February, beating
Martin Kaymer 3&amp;2 in the final. It was his third U.S. PGA Tour victory but
his first in an elite World Golf Championship event.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Donald is a keen amateur artist who earned a degree in art theory
and practice at Northwestern University in the U.S.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Born December 7, 1977 in Hemel Hempstead,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison1xdidn#Coaching_ic
on_Paterno_sacked_in_ignominy>&lt;li&gt; , England.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Moved into the world top 20 in 2006 and later in the year made the
top 10 after winning the Honda Classic.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Member of the victorious European Ryder Cup teams in 2004,[Louis
Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), 2006 and 2010.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Turned professional in 2001. Won the Southern Farm Bureau Classic
the following year, becoming the 11th U.S. PGA Tour rookie to earn more than
$1 million in his first season.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Finished tied for fourth at the 2011 U.S. Masters after winning the
par-three tournament at Augusta.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Won the World Cup for England in partnership with Paul Casey in
2004.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;n"&gt;(Reuters) - Factbox on world number one Luke Donald of
Britain,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), who Sunday became the first golfer to
win the European Tour and U.S. PGA Tour money-list titles:&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Numbers tell the story of Federer's U.S. Open shocker" )]

##  Numbers tell the story of Federer's U.S. Open shocker

&lt;p&gt;The Swiss with 15 grand slam trophies sprayed the ball long and wide.
In the fifth set, when Federer is normally at his steely best,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), he had three double faults and no aces and went
down quietly on a service break in the last game.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Got to give him all the credit because it's not an easy thing to do,
especially coming out against someone like me with so much
experience."&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;"It's always an amazing effort coming through and winning in your
first final," said Federer, who won this year's French Open and Wimbledon
titles.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - The numbers tell the story of Roger Federer's
stunning loss in the final of the U.S. Open: 62 unforced errors, 50 percent
first serves,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), 11 double faults.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Men's tennis could use a fresh face to challenge Federer and Rafael
Nadal and the lanky Argentine with the scraggly beard could hold that honor
after beating them on consecutive days.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Unfortunately,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/
"http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), I didn't and that was it."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It was tough luck today, but Juan Martin played great," he said. "He
hung in there and gave himself chances, and in the end was the better
man."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I had him under control for the first two sets," said Federer. "I
should never have lost so many chances. It was just a pity. If I win the
second set, I'm in a great position to come through.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;After five successive U.S. Open titles and 40-straight match
victories at Flushing Meadows,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison3tdidn#Analysis__Awful_Franc
e_prove_doubters_right>&lt;li&gt; , few expected the man many consider to be
the best tennis player ever to look so mortal.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Del Potro yielded only six games while pummeling Nadal in the semi-
finals on Sunday before following it up against the world number one in
mankind's largest tennis arena.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While it was obvious Federer was bitterly disappointed,[Louis Vuitton
Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), he tipped his hat to the
youngster.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;New Yorkers love Federer but the 25,000 crammed into Arthur Ashe
Stadium were solidly supporting Del Potro, perhaps believing a changing of the
guard was at hand.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Federer, 28,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), had Del Potro on the ropes
early, up one set and serving for the second at 5-4,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/"
),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://deaf-tv.eu/blogs/posts/xison7udidn>&lt;li&gt; , 30-love. But
the Swiss maestro could not close the door on the youngster appearing in his
first grand slam final.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I tried everything, didn't work,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://faithincommon.com/blogs/entry/TB-patient-s-family-defend-
controversial-travel>&lt;li&gt; ," Federer said after his shocking 3-6 7-6 4-6
7-6 6-2 loss on Monday to 20-year-old Juan Martin del Potro. "I missed
chances."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Larry Fine)&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Sweat-prone athletes may be protected from asthma" )]

##  Sweat-prone athletes may be protected from asthma

&lt;p&gt;The findings,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://jobfriend.net/blogs/viewstory/39149>&lt;li&gt; , published
in the medical journal Chest,Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://nuruge
l.org/index.php/User:Xison9bdidn#Heart_rehab_underused_by_Medicare_patients>&l
t;li&gt; ,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), are based on tests of 56
healthy Marines who had symptoms of exercise-induced asthma -- wheezing,
breathless or coughing in response to physical exertion.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The findings do not prove that a tendency toward sweating helps
shield active people from exercise-induced asthma, according to Dr. Warren
Lockette,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), the senior researcher on the
work.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Essentially,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), they say, people who sweat less may also
have drier airways, which could make the airways more likely to constrict and
cause breathing problems during exercise.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It now appears that how much fluid your airways secrete could be a
key determinant in protecting you from exercise-induced asthma," he said. "So,
if athletes sweat,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), drool, or cry,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.wekiya.org/blogs/entry/Angels-tie-up-Weaver-before-free-
agency-looms>&lt;li&gt; , at least they won't gasp."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Researchers at the Naval Medical Center in San Diego measured the
volunteers' lung function before and after giving them a medication called
methacholine, which,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), in someone with asthma, causes
the airways to constrict at low doses.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Active people who are prone to sweating
may have some built-in protection from exercise-induced asthma attacks, a new
study suggests.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;However, he explained in a statement, the results are consistent with
the idea that a common mechanism may underlie diminished sweat production and
reduced water secretion in the airways.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SOURCE: Chest, September 2008.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The unusual connection suggests that the same mechanisms responsible
for generating a person's sweat "volume" also determines the amount of water
secreted by the airways,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/
"http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), the researchers speculate.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The researchers also gave the study participants a drug called
pilocarpine, which induces sweat and saliva production.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;They found that volunteers who tended to sweat the most in response
to the drug were less likely to show airway constriction after being given
methacholine. Heavy sweaters also tended to have greater saliva and tear
production.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    


##  France's Turgot facing ban for test no shows

&lt;p&gt;The 28-year-old could be banned between three months and two years
according to International Cycling Union regulations,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), which require riders to inform
the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) of their whereabouts at any given
time.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"He knew the rules. We completely support the Adams system,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/"
),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://143chat.com/index.php?p=photos/viewstory/325848>" target="_blank
"&gt;<http://143chat.com/index.php?p=photos/viewstory/325848>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&
gt; ," he added,Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://www.freeshippingwik
i.com/index.php/User:Xison0jdidn#Do_kids.2C_men_need_folic_acid_from_a_pill>&l
t;li&gt; ,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ), referring to the WADA data system.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;PARIS (Reuters) - French rider Sebastien Turgot, who finished second
in the Paris-Roubaix classic last month,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Xison8pdidn>&lt;li&gt;
,[Louis Vuitton Factory Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), is likely to face a ban after
three "no shows" for doping controls over an 18-month period,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), his manager said on
Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"He's an idiot. He's indefensible. He has been incredibly
careless,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" )," his manager Jean-Rene
Bernaudeau said by telephone.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Writing by Gregory Blachier; Editing by Peter Rutherford)&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    


##  Federer's motivation faces Melbourne Park test

&lt;p&gt;"I think I'm ready to win it," Murray said. "I just need to play
well,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://tweeterbook.com/blogs/viewstory/79755>&lt;li&gt; ,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/" ), if I do that then there's no reason
why I can't."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SYDNEY (Reuters) - Roger Federer has done everything necessary to
etch his name in the annals of tennis immortality and all that remains for the
Swiss world number one is to add more grand slams to his remarkable tally of
15.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"This year is quite different and I just hope it won't finish that
way," the third seed said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;There were some encouraging signs when the world number two helped
Spain win the Davis Cup last month then made last week's final in Qatar to
give himself a confidence lift.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NADAL LOOMS&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"That's important for the career, for the future, and of course if I
want to fight for the number one."&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;But in the blink of eye, the aggressive left-hander plummeted back
down to earth from his lofty perch when his knees began to buckle and the
injuries started to mount up. He took a break from the game and has not won
any title since May.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I am never going to say that I am going to win it... (but) I am
playing well enough to have a positive result. And I am happy," he
said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The 21-year-old has been steadily improving over the past two seasons
but his breakthrough win in New York was proof he is ready to mix it with the
best and given him the confidence to set his sights even higher.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Despite his uncertain buildup, Federer remains the pre-tournament
favorite. After all,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), he has made the final of 17 of the last
18 grand slams, dating back to Wimbledon in 2005.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Last season,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), Federer ticked the two
remaining boxes on his career checklist when he won the French Open for the
first time before breaking Pete Sampras's record of grand slam men's singles
titles.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He then turned down the chance to play in the Kooyong Classic,[Louis
Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), an eight-man exhibition in Melbourne that he had
used to fine-tune his preparations each time he won the Australian
Open.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He did reach the U.S. Open final in 2008 and his early season form
has been impressive, giving him renewed hope he can join the grand slam
winners club.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Andy Murray will again carry the weight of expectation of a British
public starved of grand slam success. The Scotsman was one of the favorites to
win the Australian Open last year but crashed out in the fourth
round.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;His biggest challenge now is to maintain his motivation and while
Federer insists he remains as keen as ever, the Australian Open could provide
the first real glimpse into what lies ahead for his opponents.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"When I go to the court with Roger,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), Rafa, I don't feel too much
different," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The only other player in the top 10 who has won a grand slam is the
American Andy Roddick,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), who won the U.S. Open in 2003,
but has lost all four finals he has played since,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://mind2tests.tmaze.net/blogs/entry/Job-growth-trips-again-
opens-door-to-more-Fed-moves>&lt;li&gt; , including Wimbledon last
year.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;By his own lofty standards, his early season form has been patchy. He
was beaten by Swede Robin Soderling, for the first time,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://blogs.ionis-group.com/iseg/lyon/artytude/2011/09/nuits-des-
chercheurs-a-villeurbanne.html#comments>&lt;li&gt; , in Abu Dhabi then lost to
Russia's Nikolay Davydenko in another warm-up event in Qatar.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Federer has already won the Australian Open three times but is less
dominant on the Melbourne Park synthetic hard courts than he is at Wimbledon
and the U.S. Open.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;His Australian Open defense ended in the most disappointing fashion
when he quit his quarter-final with Andy Roddick, complaining that he was
exhausted by the heat, but he has vowed to make amends this time.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;A new challenger emerged last year in the shape of Juan Martin del
Potro, the giant Argentine who won the U.S. Open, beating Federer in the
final.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;However, he was beaten in last year's Australian Open final by Rafa
Nadal in a five-set classic and the Spaniard once again looms as his biggest
obstacle.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by John O'Brien. To query or comment on this story email
sportsfeedback@thomsonreuters.com)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Roddick won the Australian Open junior title in 2000 and has been a
semi-finalist in the senior event on four occasions but goes into Melbourne in
great form after winning last week's Brisbane International.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Nadal was on top of the world 12 months ago. He had beaten Federer in
the finals at the French Open and Wimbledon in 2008 to spirit away the number
one ranking then reduced the Swiss to tears by beating him at Melbourne
Park.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;DEL POTRO READY&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Serbia's Novak Djokovic won the Australian Open in 2008 to emerge as
the most likely challenger to the Federer-Nadal duopoly but has failed to
reach any grand slam final since.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
ETF investors favor BlackRock over Vanguard in April" )]

##  ETF investors favor BlackRock over Vanguard in April

    
        Money Related Quotes and News Company Price Related News
    

,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.waysone.com/blogs/entry/IVF-in-young-women-tied-to-
breast-cancer-study>&lt;li&gt; ,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" )&lt;p&gt;Including flows to commodity
ETFs,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), BlackRock received a net $8.9 billion in
April while Vanguard collected $2.8 billion, according to a monthly BlackRock
report released on Wednesday. State Street collected $4.9 billion in
April.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;BOSTON (Reuters) - Investors in U.S. exchange-traded funds added more
money to market leader BlackRock's iShares line-up than to Vanguard's
offerings in April, reversing a recent trend in favor of Vanguard.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;In the first three months of the year,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/" ), Vanguard pulled in a net $10.4
billion,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.ubbusinessnetworking.co.uk/xison2hdidn/blog/suicides-
down-in-japan-as-economy-improves/>&lt;li&gt; ,[Gucci Bags](http://www
.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), BlackRock attracted
$4.7 billion and State Street saw outflow of $1 billion.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;New York-based BlackRock remained the largest manager of U.S.-listed
ETFs by assets at the end of April with $498 billion. Boston-based State
Street managed $257 billion and Vanguard,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), based in Valley Forge,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), Pennsylvania,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.silverfraction.com/node/245121>&lt;li&gt; , managed $173
billion. The figures combine stock and bond funds with commodity
trusts.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Aaron Pressman. Editing by Robert MacMillan)&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Octogenarians have more heart surgery, live longer" )]

##  Octogenarians have more heart surgery, live longer

&lt;p&gt;In 1996, most of the patients received standard medications such as
beta-blockers and cholesterol-lowering drugs,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.schoolyardonline.com/blogs/entry/Texas-Rangers-sale-to-
Ryan-group-wins-owners-OK>&lt;li&gt; , and only a few percent underwent
invasive procedures.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It's my belief that this is a positive development," he said,
cautioning that the study didn't prove the new treatment had reduced the
number of deaths.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Dr. Katlic,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-
sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), who wrote an editorial
about the new study, said it was important to consider the cost of the
procedures,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), which may amount to tens of
thousands of dollars.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In addition,[Gucci Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), the number of deaths within one year
of those heart attacks dropped by almost 10 percent between 1996 and 2006,
data from Quebec hospital patients aged 80 and older show.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Heart attacks kill more than 400,000 people in the U.S. every year
according to the American Heart Association, and heart disease remains the
leading cause of death.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;SOURCE: link.reuters.com/ceh23n Canadian Medical Association Journal,
online August 3, 2010.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Heart surgery and the use of other
invasive treatments have risen sharply in elderly people who've suffered a
heart attack,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison7gdidn
#Japan_warns_of_influenza-linked_abnormal_behavior>&lt;li&gt; , Canadian
researchers said Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Ten years later, however, that number had ballooned: A quarter of all
patients were undergoing angioplasty, a procedure in which the doctor cleans
out the blocked arteries that caused the heart attack.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Overall,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), almost half the patients died
within a year of their heart attacks in 1996, while fewer than four in ten
died in 2006.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Over a 10-year period, the researchers found that nearly 30,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ),000 octogenarians in Quebec had
suffered a heart attack.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The drop in mortality only occurred in patients who had undergone
invasive procedures, suggesting those treatments might help patients survive
longer. But it's possible that other changes in how doctors managed the
patients could also have been involved.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Medications are much less expensive, he told Reuters Health, but it's
unclear if they are equally effective at preventing another heart
attack.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We should also study whether the quality of life is better after
these procedures," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;An earlier study found that U.S. heart patients of all ages are more
likely to undergo procedures to clear blocked coronary arteries than are
Canadians.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The current study, published in the Canadian Medical Association
Journal,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_po
st&amp;ownerID=25279&amp;post_id=167118](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?act
ion=show_member_post&ownerID=25279&post_id=167118 "http://mylosttrails.com/blo
gs.php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=25279&post_id=167118" )" target="_blank
"&gt;[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&amp;ownerID=25
279&amp;post_id=167118](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_p
ost&ownerID=25279&post_id=167118 "http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=sho
w_member_post&ownerID=25279&post_id=167118" )&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; , was
carried out by Dr. Louise Pilote and colleagues of McGill University in
Montreal.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Over the last decade we are doing procedures in patients once
believed to be too old for these procedures," said chest surgeon Dr. Mark R.
Katlic, of Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Wilkes-Barre,
Pennsylvania, who was not involved in the new study.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Obesity hurts a woman's chances of conception" )]

##  Obesity hurts a woman's chances of conception

&lt;p&gt;However,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://laislabuscada.freeiz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/233>" targe
t="_blank"&gt;<http://laislabuscada.freeiz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/233
>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; , the researchers did not track the timing and frequency
of sexual intercourse, which may have affected the results. Some studies have
shown that obesity is linked with less frequent sex and reduced sexual
desire.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;CHICAGO (Reuters) - Obesity decreases the chances that a woman will
get pregnant, and the more obese she is, the worse her prospects of
conception, Dutch researchers said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;"It is possible that obese women may have disturbed hormone
levels,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ), which decrease the chances of
successful fertilization and implantation," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;Obesity is already known to disrupt ovulation, and the Dutch study
now suggests it can lower pregnancy rates compared with women of normal
weight.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The researchers found that women with a BMI of 30 or higher had
significantly lower probability of becoming pregnant naturally,[coach outlet
online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" ), compared with normal weight women who had BMIs of between 21
and 29.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Dr. Jan Willem van der Steeg and colleagues looked at the
relationship between fertility in these women and their body mass index, a
ratio of weight to height. Women with a BMI of 30 or higher are considered
obese.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The study, published in the journal Human Reproduction, included more
than 3,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ),000 couples between 2002 and 2004 in 24
hospitals in the Netherlands.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Researchers at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam looked at how
obesity affects women who are still ovulating but having trouble with
conception.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One reason for this may be the hormone leptin, which regulates
appetite and energy expenditure and is secreted in fatty tissues.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The researchers said the finding should be tested in further studies,
especially given the rising rates of obesity.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"In the case of a woman with a BMI of 35,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://gracefriends.com/blogs/entry/Stanley-and-Levin-in-dramatic-
reversals-of-fortune>&lt;li&gt; , the probability of spontaneous pregnancy was
26 percent lower, and in the case of a woman with a BMI of 40,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:
&lt;li&gt;<http://instagramlovers.com/blogs/entry/No-home-building-rebound-
until-2014-Fed-paper>&lt;li&gt; , it was 43 percent lower," van der Steeg said
in a statement.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The women had to be ovulating and have at least one working Fallopian
tube,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), and the men had to have a normal semen
analysis.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; editing by Mohammad
Zargham)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Owing to the fact that more women of child bearing age are becoming
overweight and obese,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http
://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), this is a worrying finding," they
wrote.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Healthy  waist may be a bit bigger for black women" )]

##  Healthy waist may be a bit bigger for black women

&lt;p&gt;The same pattern was seen when it came to waist size. For men and
white women,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), the waistline thresholds in this
study were close to the 40-inch and 35-inch standards, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One possibility, he said, is that white and black women have
differences in the specific areas of the body that fat tends to accumulate --
and men may not have those differences.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;High risk in this case meant having two or more risk factors for
those diseases -- such as high blood pressure,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),
high cholesterol or elevated blood sugar.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - The definition of a 'healthy' waistline
may have a bit more wiggle room for African-American women than for white
women, a new study suggests.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Among African-American women, however, the "high-risk" waistline was
slightly more than 38 inches -- 3 inches larger than the standard
threshold.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Another way to look at the weight-health question is through body
mass index (BMI) -- a measure of weight in relation to height. People with a
BMI of 30 or higher are considered obese,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), and
they generally have a higher risk of diabetes and heart disease than thinner
people.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For white women and men of both races, a BMI of about 30 was the
threshold -- the same as the standard value. But among black women, it was
33.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He also stressed that the findings do not mean that African-American
women with a BMI below 33 or a waistline under 38 inches have "no risk" of
obesity-related health problems.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;That suggests that the average black woman can be heavier than her
white counterpart before her risk for heart disease and diabetes start to
climb dramatically.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The findings are based on 6,476 adult volunteers who had their
weight, blood pressure and other health factors measured as part of a larger
study of obesity, lifestyle and chronic disease risks. Just over
2,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-coachoutlet.com/"
),400 participants were African American.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"What the study does show is that there is a strong relationship
between obesity and risk factors in white and African-American men and women,"
Katzmarzyk said. "This relationship is robust in all groups, so no one is
immune from the effects of obesity."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But in the new study, researchers found that African-American women
might have somewhat higher thresholds for a risky waist size and
BMI.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For the study, reported in the journal Obesity, researchers tried to
estimate the BMI and waist size that best separated people at relatively high
risk for diabetes and heart disease from those at lower risk.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Still, more research is needed to show that, according to lead
researcher Dr. Peter T. Katzmarzyk, a professor at the Pennington Biomedical
Research Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SOURCE: bit.ly/e0vmey Obesity, online January 6,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), 2011.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As it stands, men are considered to have abdominal obesity when their
waistline tops 40 inches; for women,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://www.abscommunity.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/28110>" target=
"_blank"&gt;<http://www.abscommunity.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/28110>&lt
;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; , the threshold is 35 inches. Abdominal obesity,Related
Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://www.colonyx.com/blogs/entry/Hamilton-wants-
to-see-out-career-at-McLaren>&lt;li&gt; , in turn,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), raises a person's risk of diabetes and heart disease.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We do not want to make too many practical implications at this
point," Katzmarzyk told Reuters Health in an email.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;It's not clear why there was a racial difference among women but not
men, according to Katzmarzyk.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He explained that this study looked at participants at point in time
only,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://appfarma.com/blogs/4934/24951/soccer-britain-stun-brazil-
in-f>&lt;li&gt; , and studies following people over time -- looking at how
different levels of obesity predict the odds of developing heart problems and
diabetes -- are now necessary.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: Scientists find blood protein link to Alzheimer's" )]

##  Scientists find blood protein link to Alzheimer's

&lt;p&gt;The number of dementia sufferers is expected to balloon in future
decades as populations around the world age. Alzheimer's Disease International
predicts numbers will almost double every 20 years to 66 million in 2030 and
over 115 million in 2050.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LONDON (Reuters) - High levels of a blood protein called clusterin
are linked to the development of Alzheimer's disease, scientists said on
Monday -- a finding which could pave the way for doctors to detect the disease
before it takes hold.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Drugs can relieve some of the symptoms for a while, but patients
gradually lose their memories, their ability to navigate and understand the
world, and to care for themselves.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We found that this clusterin protein was increased in blood as much
as 10 years before people had the signs of Alzheimer's disease in their
brains," said Simon Lovestone, who led the study. "And even when they had
signs of disease in their brains, they still had no clinical signs of the
disorder -- so this suggests that this is a really, really early change that
occurs in people who are going to get the disease."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;After their initial study in 95 patients, the researchers then
studied clusterin levels in around 700 people,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=2
004383#post2004383>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/
showthread.php?p=2004383#post2004383>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; ,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),
including 464 with Alzheimer's disease, and found a link between higher levels
of the protein and severity of disease, rapid progression of the condition and
atrophy in the brain area known as the entorhinal cortex,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), which plays a role in
memory.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lovestone said the next step -- which should take about a year --
would be to develop a better test, since the one they used for the study would
not be suitable for use in clinics. "Once we've then designed the better test,
we need to look at it in larger groups of people to see if our results are
replicated,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://enlacemagnetico.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/35056>" target=
"_blank"&gt;<http://enlacemagnetico.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/35056>&lt
;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; ,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" )," he said. "That whole process will
take between three to five years."&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;This research team used a technique called proteomics,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://loveacougarforwildlife.com/blogs/posts/xison9jdidn>&lt;li&gt
; , which analyses proteins, to conduct two "discovery phase" studies in 95
patients and found that clusterin appeared to be linked with the early signs
of Alzheimer's. The findings were published in the Archives of General
Psychiatry journal.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia -- a brain-wasting
condition that affects around 35 million people around the world -- and
despite decades of research,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ), doctors still have few effective
weapons against it.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;"We think this is the first step toward finding a prodromal or
preclinical test for the disease," Lovestone said. A prodromal test is one
that can detect very early signs of a disease before any specific symptoms are
showing.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lovestone said it was important to stress there was still a lot more
work to do before a test could be used by doctors in clinics,[louis vuitton
outlet online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), but said such a technique may
in future become part of a range of tests to find people with early signs of
the disease.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"If I look toward the future, such tests might be used as part of a
staging process. I can imagine people first having a blood test and then those
people who have high levels of clusterin might go on to have more intensive
investigations."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Researchers from the Institute of Psychiatry at King's College London
said that while doctors are around 5 years away from being able to use the
discovery for a test to identify future Alzheimer's sufferers,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), it was a big step along the
way.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: Green tea drinkers show less disability with age  study" )]

##  Green tea drinkers show less disability with age study

&lt;p&gt;Yasutake Tomata of the Tohoku University Graduate School of Medicine
and his colleagues followed nearly 14,000 adults aged 65 or older for three
years.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;n"&gt;(Reuters) - Elderly adults who regularly drink green tea may
stay more agile and independent than their peers over time, according to a
Japanese study that covered thousands of people.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For the new study, published in the American Journal of Clinical
Nutrition,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), researchers decided to examine the question of whether
green tea drinkers have a lower risk of frailty and disability as they grow
older.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Green tea consumption is significantly associated with a lower risk
of incident functional disability,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), even after adjustment for possible confounding factors," Tomata and his
colleagues wrote.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting from New York by Reuters Health; Editing by Elaine Lies
and Paul Tait)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While green tea and its extracts are considered safe in small
amounts, they do contain caffeine and small amounts of vitamin K,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://pjeshka.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1070563>" target="_blank
"&gt;<http://pjeshka.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1070563>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&
gt; , which means it could interfere with drugs that prevent blood clotting.
SOURCE: bit.ly/wXuZbl&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;People who drank at least five cups a day were one-third less likely
to develop disabilities than those who had less than a cup per day. Those
people who averaged three or four cups a day had a 25 percent lower
risk.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;They also tended to be more socially active and have more friends and
family to rely on.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The study did not prove that green tea alone kept people spry as they
grew older.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But even with those factors accounted for, green tea itself was tied
to a lower disability risk,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Xison0sdidn#Exposure_to
_chemicals_may_harm_young_brains>&lt;li&gt; ,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), the
researchers said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Green tea contains antioxidant chemicals that may help ward off the
cell damage that can lead to disease. Researchers have been studying green
tea's effect on everything from cholesterol to the risk of certain
cancers,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), with mixed results so far.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;They found those who drank the most green tea were the least likely
to develop "functional disability,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/237158>&lt;li&gt;
,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www
.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" )," or problems with daily activities or basic
needs, such as dressing or bathing.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Although it's not clear how green tea might offer a buffer against
disability, Tomata's team did note that one recent study found green tea
extracts seem to boost leg muscle strength in older women.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Specifically, almost 13 percent of adults who drank less than a cup
of green tea per day became functionally disabled, compared with just over 7
percent of people who drank at least five cups a day.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health Japan
    

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Green-tea lovers generally had healthier diets, including more fish,
vegetables and fruit,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), as well as more education, lower
smoking rates, fewer heart attacks and strokes, and greater mental
sharpness.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=14 "Edit
section: Shaq fined for criticizing referee" )]

##  Shaq fined for criticizing referee

&lt;p&gt;MIAMI (Reuters) - Boston Celtics center Shaquille O'Neal was fined
$35,[polo ralph lauren outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://exden.com/singles/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/614743>" target="_
blank"&gt;<http://exden.com/singles/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/614743>&lt;/a&
gt;&lt;li&gt; ,000 by the NBA on Monday for criticizing the referee after the
Christmas Day defeat by his former team Orlando Magic.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;O'Neal fouled out in only 13 minutes of play in the 86-78 loss and
took aim at referee Bob Delaney who wore the number 26.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Simon Evans in Miami; editing by Tom Pilcher)&lt;/p&gt;

  

    
        U.S. Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;"I guess they came out to see number 26,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.shareyourholiday.com/index.php/User:Xison5hdidn#Reyes_re
turns_to_Mets_seeking_NL_batting_title>&lt;li&gt; ,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/"
),Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://community.mhyelearning.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/100728>" 
target="_blank"&gt;<http://community.mhyelearning.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewst
ory/100728>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; , he was a great player out there. The fans
paid all that money to watch number 26,[coach outlet online](http://www
.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" )," O'Neal
told reporters before referring to officials as "control freaks."&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=15 "Edit
section: FDA calls Medtronic drug pump warning Class I" )]

##  FDA calls Medtronic drug pump warning Class I

&lt;p&gt;Medtronic said in a statement that it sent an update on January 16 to
inform clinicians of an increase in the rate of inflammatory mass cases
reported in patients using its SynchroMed and IsoMed infusion systems. The
masses developed near the tip of the catheter attached to the pumps,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://sexbook.epp.tc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/73363>" target="_blan
k"&gt;<http://sexbook.epp.tc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/73363>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;l
i&gt; ,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www
.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), which are typically used to dispense opioids
for pain.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Health Stocks Regulatory News Markets Related Quotes and News Company Price Related News
    

&lt;p&gt;Medtronic shares,[Rolex Luxury
Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/ "http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ),
which fell 25 cents to close at $48.09 on the New York Stock Exchange,[Louis
Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), were not trading after-
hours.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;According to the FDA Web site,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.offroaditalia.com/blogs/posts/xison3ddidn>&lt;li&gt; , a
medical device recall does not always mean that patients or doctors must stop
using the product or return it to the company. A recall sometimes means the
medical device needs to be checked,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ),Related
Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://buchha.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/136463>" target="_blank"&
gt;<http://buchha.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/136463>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt;
, adjusted or fixed.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Food and Drug Administration defines a Class I recall as a
situation in which there is a reasonable probability that use of the product
will cause injury or death.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The medical device maker said no deaths have been associated with the
problem and the recall classification does not change recommendations made to
physicians in January.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Medtronic said the risk of an inflammatory mass has been part of the
product labeling since 2001.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Deena Beasley; Editing by Gary Hill)&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc said on Wednesday that U.S.
regulators classified its move to inform physicians about an increase in the
rate of inflammatory mass cases in patients receiving drugs through the
company's implantable infusion pumps as a Class I recall.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=16 "Edit
section: FACTBOX  Embryonic stem cells, the ultimate master cell" )]

##  FACTBOX Embryonic stem cells, the ultimate master cell

&lt;p&gt;* Scientists generally harvest embryonic stem cells from embryos left
over after in-vitro fertilization attempts at fertility clinics. They can also
be produced using cloning technology.,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" )&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Researchers have discovered how to make embryonic-like cells from
ordinary cells, called induced pluripotent stem cells, which may be more
acceptable to some people.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;n"&gt;(Reuters) - President Barack Obama will sign an executive order
on Monday concerning limits on federal funding of embryonic stem cell
research.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* In August 2001, President George W. Bush declared otherwise and
limited the use of federal funds to stem cell lines, or batches, that existed
as of that moment -- not by executive order, as widely reported. He vetoed
several congressional attempts to override this decision.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Politics Health
    

&lt;p&gt;* In 1998, soon after human embryonic stem cells were discovered, the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services determined that the Dickey
Amendment did not apply to researchers working with stem cells so long as they
did not get the cells themselves from human embryos.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Maggie Fox,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.waysone.com/blogs/entry/Souped-up-immune-cells-catch-
even-disguised-HIV>&lt;li&gt; ,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/" ), editing by Philip
Barbara)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Scientists hope to harness the transformational qualities of stem
cells to treat a variety of diseases, including brain cells for Parkinson's
disease,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.cybermondaywiki.com/index.php/User:Xison2tdidn#Hepatitis
_C__a_risk_factor_for_lymphoma>&lt;li&gt; , pancreatic cells for diabetes and
nerve cells for spinal-cord injuries.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* The issue does not fall clearly along party lines. Strongly
conservative Republicans who oppose abortion such as Utah Senator Orrin Hatch
have backed broader federal funding of embryonic stem-cell research for
years.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Following are some facts about stem cells and the politics
surrounding their use.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Embryonic stem cells come from days-old embryos and can transform
into any type of cell in the body.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* U.S. legislation called the Dickey Amendment forbids the use of
federal funds for the creation or destruction of human embryos for
research.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* The issue is controversial because some people believe the
destruction of any human embryo is wrong.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Britain,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), Belgium, Sweden,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.kvwalkers.org/spam/denied>&lt;li&gt; , Canada and New
Zealand actively encourage embryonic stem-cell research. Austria, Lithuania
and Poland have laws banning research into human embryonic stem-cell
research.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Stem cells are the body's master cells, the source of all cells and
tissue,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), like brain, blood, heart,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), bones and muscles.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=17 "Edit
section: Spending on biotech drug prescriptions rising" )]

##  Spending on biotech drug prescriptions rising

&lt;p&gt;CHICAGO (Reuters) - Biotech drugs will comprise a quarter of all
spending on prescription drugs in five years, driven by broader uses for
cancer and arthritis treatments,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://allsoft.netii.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/15881>" target="_b
lank"&gt;<http://allsoft.netii.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/15881>&lt;/a&gt
;&lt;li&gt; , according to a study released on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Spending on biotech drugs climbed 21 percent in 2006, compared with 6
percent growth for traditional chemical-based pharmaceuticals.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"You have more people taking these drugs for chronic,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a
href="<http://occupy.gooboome.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/52156>" target=
"_blank"&gt;<http://occupy.gooboome.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/52156>&lt
;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; ,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), lifelong diseases, where in the past they were used at
very late stages (of disease)," Express Scripts Vice President Brit Pim said.
"Now you see people who are relatively young who may be taking a $1,000 per
year drug for the rest of their lives."&lt;/p&gt;

  

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;The report analyzed two samples of 3 million patient claims each, for
2005 and 2006. Cancer drugs had the biggest spending hike,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), growing by 39.5 percent,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),
fueled by new treatments. Spending on multiple sclerosis drugs rose 19
percent, mostly on steeper prices.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Pim said employers are becoming more willing to use aggressive cost-
curbing strategies for these drugs,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), such as requiring a doctor to get prior
authorization for a prescription.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Express Scripts is one of three big companies that buy
pharmaceuticals for U.S. employers and health plans.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Spending on these so-called specialty drugs was about $54 billion in
2006 and is expected to rise to $99 billion by 2010, the report by pharmacy
benefit manager Express Scripts Inc. said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The increase is due largely to higher prices and new uses for drugs
originally approved for rare conditions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Top drugs included $2.7 billion for Johnson &amp; Johnson's Remicade
for arthritis, and $3.7 billion for Celgene Corp.'s cancer drug
Thalomid.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Biotech treatments,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/" ), which are derived from naturally
occurring proteins and often given by injection, are expected to make up 26
percent of total prescription spending in 2010,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=2
002372#post2002372>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/
showthread.php?p=2002372#post2002372>&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; , compared with
about 20 percent in 2006, it said.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=18 "Edit
section: Global shares, euro resilient after Europe's elections" )]

##  Global shares, euro resilient after Europe's elections

&lt;p&gt;Overnight in Asia Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng .HSI posted its
largest drop in five months and Japan's Nikkei .N225 closed at its lowest
level in three months. U.S. dollar-denominated Nikkei futures rose 0.7
percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;World equities as measured by MSCI .MIWD00000PUS fell 0.4 percent to
320.47.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;European blue-chips rallied, led by bank stocks as Spain signaled it
was opening the door to using public funds to aid its troubled lenders. The
Euro STOXX 50 index .STOXX50E initially fell to a 4-1/2-month low but bounced
back to close 1.55 percent higher. The S&amp;P 500 .SPX closed flat.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Leslie Adler
and Chizu Nomiyama)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Spanish bank shares were underpinned by the move from Prime Minister
Mariano Rajoy to open the door to using public funds to aid the country's
troubled banking sector. The move also boosted global financial equities,
analysts said. On Wall Street,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), the KBW bank index .BKX gained 1 percent,
far outperforming major benchmarks.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones industrial average
.DJI fell 29.44 points, or 0.23 percent, to 13,008.83. The S&amp;P 500 Index
.SPX edged up 0.51 point, or 0.04 percent, to 1,369.61. The Nasdaq Composite
.IXIC gained 1.42 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,957.76.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"One positive thing we are seeing out of the elections and we are
hearing from the ECB chairman is a focus on growth and that austerity measures
alone are not going to get them out of this crisis,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" )," said Sean Lynch,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="[http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.php?action=show_member_pos
t&amp;ownerID=98943&amp;post_id=716224](http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.php?actio
n=show_member_post&ownerID=98943&post_id=716224 "http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.
php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=98943&post_id=716224" )" target="_blank"&g
t;[http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&amp;ownerID=98943&
amp;post_id=716224](http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&o
wnerID=98943&post_id=716224 "http://www.romantik.ro/blogs.php?action=show_memb
er_post&ownerID=98943&post_id=716224" )&lt;/a&gt;&lt;li&gt; ,[polo ralph
lauren outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), global investment strategist for
Wells Fargo Private Bank in Omaha,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/
"http://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), Nebraska.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A world equity gauge, however, fell to a three-month low in part
because of a sell-off in Asia overnight as markets caught up with sharp
declines in Europe and New York last Friday. Crude oil prices fell as the
uncertainty in Europe unnerved investors concerned about global
growth.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The results of the weekend elections in the two European countries
heightened the uncertainty of the path ahead for the euro zone debt crisis.
But most European stock markets rose,[Rolex Luxury
Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/ "http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ),
with the noted exception of Greece, and U.S. stocks rose marginally, while the
euro weakened only slightly.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In Greece, the only two major political parties to have supported an
aid package to keep the country afloat failed to win enough votes to form a
ruling coalition, reviving uncertainty over whether Greece will stay in the
euro zone.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The euro hit a global session low of $1.2955,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.shareyourholiday.com/index.php/User:Xison5hdidn#Teen_int
ernet_addicts_more_apt_to_self_harm__study>&lt;li&gt; , breaking the $1.30 to
$1.35 range it has been trapped in since late January, before recouping losses
to last trade down 0.2 percent at $1.3052, close to the session peak of
$1.3065.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Treasury debt prices were unchanged with the benchmark 10-year U.S.
Treasury yield at 1.8768 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Brent crude futures touched lows near $110 per barrel, the lowest
since January, but settled down just 2 cents at $113.28. U.S. crude futures
hit a session low of $95.34 per barrel, the lowest so far this year, and were
last trading down 0.6 percent at $97.92 per barrel, a three-month
low.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In France, Socialist Francois Holland beat incumbent conservative
Nicolas Sarkozy in the presidential election. Hollande has criticized
Germany's emphasis on austerity, calling for policies to revive economic
growth.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Money Greece Related Quotes and News Company Price Related News
    

&lt;p&gt;Spanish 10-year yields were little changed at 5.766 percent and the
Italian benchmark yield ticked up to 5.583 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He said U.S. economic growth would provide some support for oil
prices.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"So if there are more growth-oriented measures, that could help the
banking system and could be a positive for the economy as well."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Lower oil prices are taking a negative away from the U.S. and the
global economy," said John Manley, chief equity strategist at Wells Fargo
Funds Management in New York. "But I don't think they'll go down an awful lot
from here."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - World markets took political upheaval in Europe
largely in stride on Monday, a day after voters in Greece and France delivered
strong mandates against austerity measures, with the euro recovering from
sharp losses and local equity markets up.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A broad gauge of Greek shares .ATG tumbled 6.7 percent, but Spanish
blue chips .IBEX gained 2.7 percent with shares of top banks Santander
(SAN.MC) up 4.7 percent and BBVA (BBVA.MC) up 5.4 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter Kenny,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), managing director at Knight Capital in
Jersey City, New Jersey, said the action on a rescue plan for Spanish banks
was positive because the country was taking action on its own.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Britain, not part of the euro zone but Europe's biggest financial
market, was closed for a public holiday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It's not an outside, centrally planned politburo dictating ... what
they need to do,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://psimatch.com/blogs/posts/xison9fdidn>&lt;li&gt; , it's them
taking ownership of their own issues," Kenny said. "The outcome is likely to
be much more positive and much quicker."&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=19 "Edit
section: Cash-strapped states bet on corporate tax cuts" )]

##  Cash-strapped states bet on corporate tax cuts

&lt;p&gt;The state-level debate mimics a larger debate simmering for months
about how to trim the corporate rate on the federal level, now 35 percent --
among the highest in developed countries.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Corporate taxes make up a small share of state coffers, but they are
still among states' three biggest revenue sources.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Republicans took control over six states in the 2010 elections, and
now control 29 of the 50 state houses.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;That is an inefficient way of luring business activity,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
said Mark Robyn, staff economist at the conservative leaning Tax Foundation
think tank.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On the state level, though, there is not much talk of trimming
special credits and deductions to broaden the tax base to pay for a rate
cut.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On the national stage, Obama and many fellow Democrats want to trim
tax breaks for narrow slices of industry to pay for a rate cut,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Xison8pdidn#U.S._accuse
d_of_failing_ill_1991_Gulf_War_veterans>&lt;li&gt; , while Republicans say a
boost in growth will help offset the cost.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LOW RETURNS?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"In most cases, it is states with new Republican governors who feel
like they were elected on a mandate to cut taxes," said Meg Gray Wiehe, state
tax policy director with the liberal-leaning Institute on Taxation and
Economic Policy. "It is not really a flush time to do this."&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;Rhode Island is an exception, where the governor, a former Republican
turned independent, wants to cut the corporate tax rate to 7.5 percent from 9
percent, but also close loopholes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In fiscal 2009, states collected about $40 billion in corporate taxes
out of $715 billion in total taxes,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://willsocial.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1194235>&lt;li&gt
; , according to U.S. Census data.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Politics Money
    

&lt;p&gt;State corporate tax rates range from zero to about 10 percent and
generally vary by income bracket.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican governors across the United States
are betting that now is the time to cut corporate taxes,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), despite the tattered condition of
state budgets.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Emboldened after taking a majority of state governors' mansions,
Republicans are pitching at least a dozen proposals to slash state corporate
taxes this year. Less than a handful of states are mulling plans to boost
them.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"From our perspective the right type of corporate tax reform is
lowering the rates,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" )," Robyn said. "It is hard to measure a
job created and you may end up giving money to companies that might have
created a job anyway."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I am just struck by the constant refrain about corporate tax cuts,"
said Alan Viard,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), an economist with the
conservative American Enterprise Institute. "States are more eager to get
businesses now when their economies are weak; on the other hand the revenue
loss is troubling if they do it now."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;CREDITS, SPECIAL TAX BREAKS&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Lower corporate rates stir some economic activity, many economists
say, but how far low rates can enhance a state's competitiveness is a matter
of degree,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://justiciagratis.com/blogs/viewstory/62734>&lt;li&gt; , and
debate.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Most of the proposals come from newly-elected Republican
governors.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;States are operating under an assumption that businesses will move
for better tax rates and preferences, Fox said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Some states are taking a slightly different tack, boosting credits
for hiring new workers, a policy backed by the Obama administration, which
pushed for its enactment on the federal level.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Usually corporations decide where to locate based on a multitude of
factors including what the workforce is like," said William Fox, an economics
professor at the University of Tennessee.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Backers of rate cuts also say workers ultimately bear the brunt of
higher taxes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;States are just now beginning to recover from the recession and 44
states face a combined $112 billion shortfall in their budgets, which
generally must be balanced each year by law.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But while both Democrats and Republicans publicly agree steep taxes
relative to other countries are harmful for competitiveness, they have not
resolved the thornier debate of how to pay for cuts.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Republican Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, who made headlines by
curbing public union bargaining rights, for example, wants to give companies
more time to use losses to offset tax liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Even if Republican governors are able to win support for their
corporate tax rate reform,[louis vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com
"http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ), the cuts may not do much over the short-
term to dig states out of their budget holes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The biggest impact a corporate rate cut may have on business is the
symbolic gesture.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The research says you can attract a small amount of economic
activity by lowering the corporate income tax rate, but it doesn't change the
scope of the state," Fox said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Additional reporting by Karen Pierog in Chicago and Lisa Lambert in
Washington, editing by Dave Zimmerman)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Probably the best argument (for cutting corporate tax rates) is that
you are signaling to business that you are trying to be competitive," said
Robert Ward, deputy director at the Rockefeller Institute of Government, a
think tank on state finance.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=20 "Edit
section: Steve Jobs death spawns collectibles, but few sales" )]

##  Steve Jobs death spawns collectibles, but few sales

&lt;p&gt;And that, she says, is where the real value lies.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;So the only known wiring harness from Jobs' first Apple office, as an
example, might not fetch much: Who cares? But a computer from Apple's infancy
that's out-of-the-box new and still working? Now you're talking,[louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com "http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ),
especially if you have all the instruction manuals and shipping trinkets
(giveaway stickers, for example) that collectors call "case candy."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A "Macintosh" poster with Picasso-like line graphics, made to promote
the first Mac in 1984,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), is still up grabs for $500.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Tom Slater, director of Americana auctions at Heritage Auctions in
Dallas, Texas, said the future price of any Jobs-related collectibles will
depend more on its condition than any correlation to his death.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;By Lou Carlozo&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Barry didn't set out to become an Apple collector when she started
buying machines such as the PowerBook Duo or Apple's Xserve. But she didn't
get rid of them either, and today owns about a dozen, including a 20th
anniversary Mac from 1997 that still runs and connects to the
Internet.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"If you have a newspaper with a cover story about the sinking of the
Titanic that's separating along fold lines and crumbles to the touch, it would
not have much value," Slater said. "But a copy in nice condition would be very
collectible."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;So yes, that Lisa looks tempting but Barry plans to hold off. As she
sums it, the Jobs philosophy of mixing tech, art and play -- which devotees
call "The Apple Way" -- so far appears untouched by his passing.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - When rock stars die,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
any trinket connected to their history soars in value. And certainly,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://kurortgid.ru/node/35604>&lt;li&gt; , Steve Jobs was the tech
equivalent of a John Lennon or Jimi Hendrix.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While others might see junky old machines, Barry and her ilk see the
first expressions of a tech pioneer and one who carried himself more like an
artist.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his
own.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It was amusing that Apple reverse-engineered the name into 'Local
Integrated Software Architecture,'" she added, noting it spawned some cheeky
parodies,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://frz.site90.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/34681>&lt;li&gt;
, including "Let's Invent Some Acronym" and 'Lisa: Invented Stupid
Acronym."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Nor did hyperbole help; Jobs shirts with the tag "iGod" proved
downright mortal, with little sales action. And what would Jobs, an innovator
in minimalist design, think of the cheesy-looking bobbleheads of him at
$44.99?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We were so Mac crazy that I co-founded the first commercial Internet
applications company on the Mac platform,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison0cdidn#Parent_health
_sways_views_of_asthmatic_kids.27_health>&lt;li&gt; , InterCon Systems Corp.
in 1988," Barry said proudly. She partnered with her ex-husband on that
project, proving that Apple love transcends the plain old interpersonal
kind.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Which brings us back to that Lisa computer on eBay, coveted by Apple
collectors such as Mikki Barry not just because of its rarity but because Lisa
was also the name of Jobs' oldest daughter.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One seller from Mount Vernon, New York, sought a starting bid of
$1,500 for a still-working Apple Lisa computer from 1984,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), with a Buy It Now price of
$4,000. As of Tuesday afternoon, that price had dropped 25 percent, to
$3,000.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But the death of the Apple co-founder last week had no such effect on
Apple collectibles, from still-working 1980s computers to floppy disc sets
(see link.reuters.com/jac44s for more info).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On the vintage side, auction bays generated scarcely more heat. An
Apple 2e from 1982,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), complete with original green-screen
monitor, had fielded just one bid at $50. Maybe the missing "delete" key had
something to do with it.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Lauren Young and Beth Gladstone)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Obscurity also helps, though the Apple trinket in and of itself must
have collector's cache.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Steve gave it such a personal name, from his daughter Lisa," said
Barry, director of contracts at SNVC, an IT solutions firm in Fairfax,
Virginia.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"There is no need to rush out and buy more collectibles," she says,
"because Apple will keep making better and better toys."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Instead,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), the flood of media coverage has spawned a
tsunami of iJunk with very few takers, while prices for bona-fide Apple
treasures have remained pretty much where they stood a month ago.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Money Related Quotes and News Company Price Related News
    

&lt;p&gt;The big losers: "Steve Jobs Apple R.I.P." t-shirts, which have flat-
lined sales-wise even though they are available on eBay in 15 colors and sizes
from S to XXL at the most un-Apple-like price point of $7.98 plus $4.98
shipping.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=21 "Edit
section: Euro, global stocks rise on Greece bailout hopes" )]

##  Euro, global stocks rise on Greece bailout hopes

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - The euro climbed to a three-week high against
the dollar,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://tradewithoutborders.org/forum/index.php?topic=269375.msg2857
59#msg285759>&lt;li&gt; , global stocks powered ahead and crude oil rose on
Tuesday on expectations that a second financial aid package would be approved
for Greece.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Conference Board, an industry group, said its index of consumer
attitudes fell in May to 60.8 from a revised 66.0 in April, and the Institute
for Supply Management-Chicago's index of Midwest business activity dropped 11
points in May from April.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;May marked the euro's worst month since November, with the single
currency weighed down by fears that a new aid package would only provide
temporary relief for Greece rather than the intensive surgery required for the
country's financial ailments.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The dollar .DXY was down nearly half a percent against a basket of
currencies.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The euro rose as high as $1.4424 to the dollar,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),
according to electronic trading platform EBS.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On Wall Street,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.tripkakis.com/blogs/entry/Quality-Road-out-of-the-
Kentucky-Derby>&lt;li&gt; , the optimism on aid for Greece drove
sentiment,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), overshadowing another round of weaker-
than-expected U.S. economic data.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The euro pared some of its early gains after a German member of
parliament told business newspaper Handelsblatt that Greece should leave the
euro zone.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was up 127.68
points, or 1.03 percent, at 12,569.26. The Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index
.SPX was up 14.08 points,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://social.fbeach.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/36395>&lt;li&
gt; , or 1.06 percent, at 1,345.18. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up
38.44 points, or 1.37 percent, at 2,835.30.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Even then,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), there were doubts the gains
could be sustained.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;U.S. single-family home prices also dropped in March to below 2009
levels, according to the S&amp;P/Case Shiller composite index of 20
metropolitan areas, which cited heavy inventory and weak demand.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Reuters/Jefferies CRB index .CRB of 19 commodities gained 1
percent on the day. A rally in oil toward the end of May limited the index's
monthly loss to about 6 percent, from an earlier 10 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;European stocks hit a 2-1/2-week closing high, led by banking stocks,
with Greek banks .FTATBNK up 10.1 percent as the euro rose.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Leslie Adler)&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;Germany is considering dropping its push for an early rescheduling of
Greek bonds in order to facilitate a new package of aid loans for Greece, The
Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the
matter.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;MSCI's all-country world stock index .MIWD00000PUS rose just over 1
percent, while its emerging market index .MSCIEF gained 1.7 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But the grim economic data suggested more hurdles ahead as the
S&amp;P closed out its worst month in 10.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;U.S. government debt initially fell on the stronger euro and appetite
for risk but rebounded after the worrisome U.S. economic data. The benchmark
10-year U.S. Treasury note was up 3/32 in price to yield at 3.05
percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange closed at $9,220 a
tonne from a close of $9,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),199 on Friday. It earlier hit $9,278.50,
its highest since May 4.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Institute for Supply Management-Chicago's index of Midwest
business activity fell in May to 56.6 from 67.6 in April.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Today is a good day, but the fact that the Dow gave up its early
gains and is going to close lower for the month isn't positive," said Donald
Selkin, chief market strategist at National Securities in New York. "There's a
conflict between the economic reports coming in lower than expected and the
hope for resolution out of Greece."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The weaker dollar helped lift commodities, driving up oil 2 percent
in New York, its biggest gain in nearly two weeks, while copper closed at
four-week highs in London.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"More aid for Greece does not solve the problem,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), but it does buy time and limit
contagion risk into Ireland, another country with funding requirements in
2012," said Camilla Sutton, chief currency strategist at Scotia Capital in
Toronto.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;European officials met in Vienna to sketch out options for a second
bailout package for Greece, with private sector participation still under
discussion to help relieve the country of its heavy debt burden.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Money
    

&lt;p&gt;Assets seen as risky gained.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 .FTEU3 index of top shares closed
0.8 percent higher at 1,141.24 points.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I would fade this rally in the euro for now," said Valentin Marinov,
currency strategist at Citi. "Investors will be looking for a more lasting
resolution to the Greek debt problems and our economists haven't ruled out the
possibility of a voluntary restructuring involving private
bondholders."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Oil prices closed up more than $2 per barrel, at above $102 per
barrel in New York and above $116 in London.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On Wall Street,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), shares rose more than 1 percent on a late
rally, after paring gains earlier following disappointing data on U.S.
consumer confidence business confidence in the U.S. Midwest.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=22 "Edit
section: Beem builds on fast start to set early pace at Pebble Beach" )]

##  Beem builds on fast start to set early pace at Pebble Beach

&lt;p&gt;Beem,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://mind2tests.tmaze.net/blogs/entry/Credit-Suisse-shares-hit-
new-lows-amid-capital-worries>&lt;li&gt; , who signed off by sinking an
11-footer to birdie the last,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:
&lt;li&gt;<http://www.colonyx.com/blogs/entry/Hamilton-wants-to-see-out-
career-at-McLaren>&lt;li&gt; , has never been a big fan of Pebble Beach,
largely because of the unpredictable weather on the California
coastline.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Writing by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter
Rutherford)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Beem has not won on the PGA Tour since his surprise victory at the
2002 PGA Championship where he held off a late charge by Tiger
Woods.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports Australia South Korea
    

&lt;p&gt;"The first two times I came out here, it was blowing and raining
sideways and I didn't know how to play in that weather," he recalled. "I came
from west Texas and it doesn't rain like that in west Texas."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Calcavecchia also started at Poppy Hills while Lunde and Day both
opened at Pebble Beach.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Wasn't too sure what to expect weather-wise,[louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com "http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ),
but I just wanted to enjoy Pebble Beach as much as I could. And I got off to a
good start with birdies on the first three holes."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Fijian world number four Vijay Singh, who triumphed at Pebble Beach
in 2004, was among the late starters.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;"I played good today,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.bags2013.net/ "http://www.bags2013.net/" )," Beem told
reporters after a round featuring seven birdies and a lone bogey. "I hit the
ball very solid and had a great attitude about getting out there.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Taking advantage of calm conditions on the picturesque Monterey
Peninsula,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://truechat.net76.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/35318>&lt;li&
gt; , the American fired a six-under-par 66 at Pebble Beach Golf Links,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), one of
three venues being used this week.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He finished outside the top 125 in the Tour's money list last year
and is relying mainly on sponsor's invitations this season.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"No disrespect to Pebble Beach and their tournament but it's never
suited my game. Just because I shoot 66 today doesn't make me want to come
back every single year but it certainly has been fun today."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Canadian left-hander Mike Weir carded a 67 at Poppy Hills, ending the
day level with Americans Mark Calcavecchia and PGA Tour rookie Bill Lunde, and
Australian Jason Day.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SURPRISE VICTORY&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I'm not fully exempt this year so I'm playing in the places that I
need to,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), that I can get in," the 38-year-old said.
"So that's the main reason why I came back (here).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Irish world number three Padraig Harrington, who won the last two
majors of 2008,[burberry outlet online](http://www.bags2013.net/
"http://www.bags2013.net/" ), battled to a 74 at Poppy Hills.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;PEBBLE BEACH, California (Reuters) - Former PGA champion Rich Beem
birdied the first three holes on his way to an early one-shot lead in the
Pebble Beach National Pro-Am first round on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Twice champion Davis Love III and South Korea's KJ Choi opened with
69s at Pebble Beach while three-times winner Phil Mickelson returned a 72 at
Spyglass Hill.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=23 "Edit
section: Tour de France riders produce sweat and tweets" )]

##  Tour de France riders produce sweat and tweets

&lt;p&gt;OLD GUARD&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;No sooner have they crossed the finishing line, perhaps managing a
shower first,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://howsvegas.com/blogs/posts/xison9edidn>&lt;li&gt; ,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), riders have been quick to post their
thoughts on anything from the race to current affairs or messages to fans on
the social networking site.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Not everyone is a convert, though, with German Jens Voigt,[burberry
outlet online](http://www.bags2013.net/ "http://www.bags2013.net/" ), the
oldest rider in the Tour de France bunch at nearly 40,[louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com "http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ),
one of a number of the sport's old guard still reluctant to get
involved.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It's cool, I see it as a great honor," he said. "After all,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://lis490it.sunahsuh.com/node/13#comment-5528>&lt;li&gt; ,
we're here to entertain people."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Yes I heard about that. And even (Australian) Stuart (O'Grady) did
it two days ago. The young riders in the team keep pushing me. I might crack
under pressure," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The peloton is a reasonably small community with about 800
professional riders and this is a great way to keep in touch."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I'm a little old fashioned and I need paper,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://pjeshka.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1093382>&lt;li&gt; ,
something to hold to be sure it's fact."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Riders are probably under less scrutiny than other sports people
like football players,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" )," said Garmin-Cervelo team director
Jonathan Vaughters, himself a keen Twitter user.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports Tech
    

&lt;p&gt;"We're not using it as a planned communication means. I'm mostly
trying to be funny," he told Reuters,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
making it clear there was no censorship over what the riders might
tweet.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Sonia Oxley)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I have mixed feelings about it because if I write an angry message
under pressure or at the end of a stage and I regret it, it will be read as
far as China and stay there for a million years,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" )," he
said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One tweet on the feed read: "Jens Voigt's Swiss Army Knife includes
spare handlebars."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The German is still resisting the temptation to open an account and
was shocked to learn another veteran, Briton David Millar, had finally signed
up at the weekend.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;"Cycling used to live behind closed doors and Twitter is a great way
to involve the fans. Everything that helps the sport gain transparency is a
good thing. We're all for it," Team Sky manager Dave Brailsford told
Reuters.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"There's total freedom of speech."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The RadioShack team formerly led by seven-times Tour champion
Armstrong showed the way in terms of tweeting and several of their riders like
Americans Chris Horner or Levi Leipheimer even run their own personal blogs
during the Tour.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He may not have a Twitter profile but he cannot escape the phenomenon
with some of his fans creating a page called jensvoigtfacts listing imaginary
feats achieved by the larger-than-life rider.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;REDON, France (Reuters) - Lance Armstrong set the trend and the
peloton soon caught the bug with almost every rider in this year's Tour de
France now a Twitter user.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;BMC team director John Lelangue has seen most of his riders fall for
the trend and said it let fans get behind the scenes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We send pictures taken in the bus or in places to which they have no
access," the Belgian mentor of Australian Cadel Evans told Reuters.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Briton added that cyclists "have more time on their hands" to
spend on their smart phones during transfers or in the hotel after a race than
most other sportsmen.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=24 "Edit
section: Athletics  Showman Bolt finally a legend" )]

##  Athletics Showman Bolt finally a legend

&lt;p&gt;There were no such inhibitions on Thursday after Bolt led Blake and
Warren Weir to a Jamaican clean sweep. The United States, the traditional
giants of Olympic sprinting,[burberry outlet online](http://www.bags2013.net/
"http://www.bags2013.net/" ), are the only other country to win all three
medals in a single Games.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Instead Bolt persuaded Mills to let him drop to the 100, which he did
with spectacular success with his world records in Beijing and
Berlin.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Instead Bolt reduced it to 19.30 at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and
then to 19.19 at the Berlin world championships the following year. He also
broke the 100 record twice.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I'm also the greatest athlete to live. I am in the same category as
Michael Johnson. I'm honored. It's all about Michael Johnson for me. I grew up
watching him break world records. He's a great athlete."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Bolt made his early reputation as a 200 meters runner and coach Glen
Mills,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), who took charge after injury ruined
Bolt's 2044 Athens Olympics campaign,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.bags2013.net/ "http://www.bags2013.net/" ), was keen for
him to try the 400.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;"It's what I came here to do,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), I'm now a legend," Bolt said after a
joyous victory lap with Blake and Weir during which he acknowledged the
tumultuous applause from all parts of the Olympic stadium.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;First Bolt will help his team mates try to retain the 4x100 meters
relay title.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The final is scheduled for Saturday evening,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison3tdidn#Don.27t_dump_Avandia.
2C_diabetes_groups_urge_patients>&lt;li&gt; , the penultimate night of the
Games. Victory for the Jamaicans would give Bolt six Olympic track
medals,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), one ahead of Lewis who also won four long
jump titles.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt finally permitted the world to acclaim
him as a sporting legend after the supreme showman of track and field
delivered another superlative performance at the London Olympics on
Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Satisfied he had the race won,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://blogs.ionis-group.com/iseg/lyon/artytude/2011/10/exposition-
portrait-darchitectes-au-palais-de-chaillot.html#comments>&lt;li&gt; , he
sauntered over the line with his right index finger held high. His time of
19.32 seconds equaled the then world record set by Michael Johnson at the 1996
Atlanta Olympics which statisticians estimated would last another quarter of a
century.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I sense that my coach wants me to run it, I think we are going to
have a showdown after the season,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://status-
zone.info//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/78182>&lt;li&gt; ," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Johnson,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), who won the 200-400 double in Atlanta
and retained his 400 title at the 2000 Sydney Games believes Bolt could go
where no man or women has ever gone and set a world record in the 400 to add
to his 100 and 200 marks.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Bolt has said repeatedly that both training for and racing the 400
would be too painful an experience but he did concede this year that a further
debate with Mills is on the cards after the season ends.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Bolt danced around the bend in the men's 200 meters final,
accelerated past Yohan Blake on his inside and glanced quickly to his left to
check he was ahead of his Jamaican team mate.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Last Sunday Bolt joined Carl Lewis as the second man to retain the
100 title but said he would defer any talk of legends until he went one better
than the American and successfully defended both sprint crowns.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Ed Osmond)&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=25 "Edit
section: Democrats wrestle with abortion on health bill" )]

##  Democrats wrestle with abortion on health bill

&lt;p&gt;Democrats now hold a 258-177 majority in the House,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.webinsex.com.br/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/30482>&lt;li
&gt; , where 218 votes are needed for passage. An unknown number of Democrats
are expected to join Republicans in voting against the measure,[louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com "http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ),
leaving the final margin too close to call.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But with Republicans united in opposition,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), Democrats struggled to line up
the 218 votes needed to pass the bill. "It's going to be tight," a Democratic
aide said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in the House of Representatives
scrambled on Wednesday to iron out lingering concerns over abortion in a
healthcare reform bill that was headed to a close and potentially historic
weekend debate.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;House Democratic leaders planned a Saturday vote on the sweeping
overhaul,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), which would launch the biggest changes
to the U.S. healthcare system since the creation of the Medicare health
program for the elderly in 1965.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Special election victories in California and New York gave Democrats
two new members and two more likely "yes" votes on the healthcare bill, and
leaders made plans to swear in the new members quickly so they could
vote.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The overhaul,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), President Barack Obama's top domestic
priority, is designed to rein in costs, expand coverage to millions of
uninsured and bar insurance practices, such as denying coverage to people with
pre-existing conditions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He and other abortion opponents argue federal subsidies under the
bill would help pay for insurance plans that include abortion coverage, which
means federal funds would be going toward abortions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Stupak wants to bar any federally subsidized insurance plan from
paying for abortions, including government-run public plans created to compete
with private insurers.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Democratic leaders hoped to defuse a potential uprising by moderates
within the party who want stronger language to ensure federal funds are not
used to pay for abortions under the bill.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;'UP IN THE AIR'&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;House Rules Committee Chairwoman Louise Slaughter said she expected
the rule-setting guidelines for the healthcare debate would incorporate anti-
abortion language proposed by Representative Brad Ellsworth, a moderate
Democrat.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;His amendment would prohibit the use of federal funds to cover
abortions and also guarantee access to insurance plans that would agree to
refrain from covering abortion.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The group prefers a proposal by Representative Bart Stupak, who leads
about 40 moderate Democrats vowing to oppose the bill unless it is changed to
their satisfaction on abortion.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Politics Health Small Business Healthcare Reform
    

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Paul Simao)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The House bill would require individuals to buy insurance and all but
the smallest employers to offer health coverage to workers. It also provide
subsidies to help purchase insurance and would eliminate the industry's
exemption from federal antitrust laws.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Ellsworth said "three or four" moderate Democrats had approached him
to say his proposal would win their vote. That might be enough for Democrats,
and every vote could be crucial when the House takes up the measure on
Saturday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Ellsworth's amendment has been attacked by some anti-abortion
Democrats and the National Right to Life Committee, which called it "a
political fig leaf" and urged Democrats to vote down any rule that included
it.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We are on the verge of doing something great," House Speaker Nancy
Pelosi, a Democrat,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), told reporters.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;"My goal is to ensure that federal taxpayer dollars are not going to
abortions, but we aren't there yet," he told reporters. "I think it's still
pretty much up in the air."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;House Democratic leaders filed largely technical last-minute changes
to the legislation late on Tuesday night,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://hoodvibe.com/blogs/entry/Asian-major-It-won-t-be-the-PGA-
Championship>&lt;li&gt; ,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ),Related Theme Articles:
&lt;li&gt;<http://www.pegasustravel.com.sg/site/node/29258>&lt;li&gt; ,
starting a 72-hour waiting period they had promised to Republicans and
clearing the way for a Saturday vote.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=26 "Edit
section: Dodgers did not pay owner McCourt in last 2 years" )]

##  Dodgers did not pay owner McCourt in last 2 years

&lt;p&gt;On Tuesday, season ticket holders led by the children of famed singer
Frank Sinatra filed documents suggesting they plan to take an official role in
the bankruptcy proceedings.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;WILMINGTON,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), Delaware (Reuters) - The bankrupt Los
Angeles Dodgers baseball team has not paid or lent money to team owner Frank
McCourt over the last two years, the team's chief financial officer told
creditors on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Tom Hals; editing by Andre Grenon)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Dodgers filed for Chapter 11 protection in June after the league
rejected a proposed $3 billion deal for future television rights, in part
because some of that money was earmarked for McCourt's personal use.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The case is In re: Los Angeles Dodgers LLC, U.S. Bankruptcy
Court,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/"
), District of Delaware,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), No. 11-12010.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Wilhelm was meeting with creditors as required by the bankruptcy code
and spent the bulk of the meeting describing the team's web of holding
companies, ticket securitization structures and various pass-through
entities.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Major League Baseball has accused McCourt of siphoning more than $100
million from the team's revenue to finance his lavish lifestyle.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;The team is expected to auction its TV rights during the bankruptcy
to help put its finances on a sound footing. Its lawyer,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.yeznet.com/blogs/posts/xison7ddidn>&lt;li&gt; ,[louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com "http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ),
Sidney Levinson of Dewey &amp; LeBoeuf,[burberry
outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/ "http://www.outletbags2012.com/"
),Related Theme Articles:
&lt;li&gt;<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=gucci-
shoes-13>&lt;li&gt; , said he hopes the Dodgers will emerge from bankruptcy
before the start of the 2012 season.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;Wilhelm blamed the bankruptcy on a "perfect storm" of events that
depleted the team's finances, such as funding reserves required for upcoming
collective bargaining talks.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The only questions not asked by members of the U.S. Trustee's
office,[burberry outlet](http://www.outletbags2012.com/
"http://www.outletbags2012.com/" ), which oversees bankruptcy cases,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.waysone.com/blogs/entry/Indonesian-man-dies-from-bird-
flu>&lt;li&gt; , came from a lawyer representing season ticket
holders.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Peter Wilhelm, the CFO, also told the meeting of creditors that
McCourt invested $23.5 million into the Dodgers in the months leading up the
bankruptcy.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=27 "Edit
section: Penn State officials to stand trial in abuse scandal" )]

##  Penn State officials to stand trial in abuse scandal

&lt;p&gt;McQueary said he witnessed the abuse on a Friday night, but it was
not until Saturday that he told Paterno, who then waited for the close of the
weekend to notify Curley and Schultz, who was in charge of campus police at
the time.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The explosive allegations against Sandusky have shocked the
university and the college-sports world, and focused national attention on the
serious problem of child sex abuse.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Failure to immediately notify local police has resulted in
accusations of a cover-up and the firing of Penn State president Graham
Spanier as well as Paterno. Both McQueary and Curley were placed on
administrative leave and Schultz has retired to prepare his criminal
defense.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Now that the case is going to trial, it will be up to a jury to
decide "whether McQueary has the credibility to address the high level of
proof required to determine perjury," said Curley's attorney,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), Caroline Roberto.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;District Judge William Wenner decided there was enough evidence
against former Penn State athletic director Tim Curley and finance official
Gary Schultz that they should be brought to trial.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;McQueary testified that he did tell Schultz about the incident and in
doing so,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), "I thought I was talking to the head
of police." He said he considered Schultz a sort of district attorney who
"would know what to do" with the information.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Asked if he used the phrase "anal intercourse" when he talked to
Paterno about the incident, McQueary said, "No, out of respect,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=2024041#post2
024041>&lt;li&gt; , I would not have done it."&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;But McQueary also said: "I did not see insertion nor was there any
protest,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), screaming or yelling."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;McQueary's father, John McQueary, also testified on Friday. He said
that in a meeting with Schultz after the event his son was told there had been
a "noise level" about other incidents involving Sandusky, but the university
"was never able to unearth anything or sink our teeth into anything
substantial."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The story told by McQueary, a graduate assistant in the university's
football program at the time, is key to the case against the two Penn State
officials and Sandusky. This is because McQueary testified that he personally
witnessed the abuse and then told his boss,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://fleedle.com/index.php?do=/xison2ddidn/blog/poor-breast-
cancer-patients-skipping-hormone-pills/>&lt;li&gt; ,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.bags2013.net/ "http://www.bags2013.net/" ), former head
coach Joe Paterno, who in turn told Curley.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Additional reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Greg McCune and
Jerry Norton)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I believe he was sexually molesting the boy," McQueary testified at
the hearing in the Dauphin County Courthouse on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Asked by Schultz's attorney Tom Farrell if Sandusky had an erection,
McQueary said: "I don't know. I didn't look and stare down there." Asked if he
saw pain on the boy's face, McQueary said "no."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The ruling capped a court hearing where a key witness, Mike McQueary,
testified in public for the first time that he saw Sandusky in a sex act with
a 10-year-old boy in 2002.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Key testimony at trial will also come from Paterno, who turns 85 next
week, either in person or collected earlier,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://komunitas.smansagi.sch.id/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33213>
&lt;li&gt; , depending on his health, Deputy Attorney General Marc Costanzo
told reporters. Paterno has been diagnosed with lung cancer and recently fell
and broke his pelvis.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paterno told him, "I'm sorry you had to see that" and that McQueary
had "done the absolute right thing," he testified.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I heard rhythmic slapping sounds, two or three slaps that sounded
like skin on skin."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;McQueary, who was 28 at the time, testified that after witnessing the
alleged incident he told his father: "I just saw coach Sandusky. What I saw
was wrong and sexual."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He said he had never confronted Sandusky himself about the incident,
and that while he had "absolutely without a doubt" considered calling police,
he did not.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;McQueary spoke for two hours at the preliminary hearing in a
courtroom packed with about 100 reporters and as many as 60 members of the
public.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;HARRISBURG, Pa (Reuters) - A judge ruled on Friday that two former
senior Penn State officials must stand trial on charges of lying to a grand
jury about what they knew of sexual abuse allegations against former coach
Jerry Sandusky.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Curley and Schultz deny that they lied to the grand jury and say that
Paterno and McQueary only told them in general terms about the incident and
not in graphic detail.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sandusky has been charged with 52 counts of child sexual abuse
involving 10 victims over 15 years. The identity of two of the victims,
including the boy in the shower, remains unknown, prosecutors said. Sandusky
has said he is innocent.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Referring to his son's description of the sounds of the incident, the
elder McQueary said while neither he nor Mike used the word thrusting, "you
don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out a sound like that would be
thrusting."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Even though McQueary's account was passed up the line of authority at
Penn State, no one told police and Sandusky's alleged behavior continued for
years.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paterno appeared "shocked and saddened" at what McQueary saw, and
"slumped back in his chair," said McQueary, who was dressed in court in a dark
suit,[louis vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com
"http://www.louisvuittonsfr.com" ), white shirt and blue tie.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He said he was "shocked, horrified, not thinking straight. I was
distraught."&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=28 "Edit
section: High jumper Williams makes the cut for London Games" )]

##  High jumper Williams makes the cut for London Games

&lt;p&gt;Collegians Erik Kynard and Nick Ross finished second and third, both
at 2.28.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It's bittersweet I didn't make the team," Ross said. "I'll
definitely be on that podium again."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The seemingly ageless Jamie Nieto won the competition at 2.28 in a
reflection of the weather. The 35-year-old did not have a miss before failing
three times at 2.31.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The competition takes a planned two-day break beginning on Tuesday.
It resumes on Thursday and concludes on Sunday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The whole goal was to make London and now I am there I want to get
on that podium,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison0rdidn#Avalanche.27s_Darcy_T
ucker_injured_in_win_over_Canes>&lt;li&gt; ," said Williams.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;EUGENE, Oregon (Reuters) - High jump world champion Jesse Williams
made it to the London Games with a whimper rather than a bang when he finished
a disappointing fourth at the U.S. Olympic trials on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I want to bring a medal back so badly," said Symmonds,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison8bdidn#Brazilian_wom
en_go_one_step_further_than_Pele>&lt;li&gt; , who was eliminated in the semi-
finals at the 2008 Games.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Nieto and Kynard will join Williams in London, but Ross will stay at
home because he does not have the required standard.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The flower in my hair represents strength," Montano said. "People
look at women in sports differently. People say,[doudoune north
face](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/" ), ‘Oh she runs like a girl.' And I
just say, ‘Why the heck not run like a girl?'"&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Eugene resident added: "I definitely need to start jumping in the
rain here a little more often."&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;"I am so happy," said the former U.S. champion. "In
2008,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/ "http://www.burberrywebs.org/"
), I missed the Olympic team. I got second and didn't have the 'A'
standard."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The semis are so unforgivable. ....But once you make the finals it's
anyone's race."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Williams missed three times at 2.31 meters after clearing 2.28 on his
third attempt on a wet and cold day in Eugene but clinched his spot on the
American team because the third place finisher did not have the "A" qualifying
standard.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Only the top three finishers in events at the trials book trips to
the Games provided they have the qualifying standard.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Montano, who runs with an artificial flower in her hair, won the
women's event in 1:59.08 ahead of Geena Gall and Alice Schmidt.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Olympian Symmonds brought cheers from the hometown crowd when he sped
home in one minute,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison0cdidn#Study_sharpen
s_focus_on_Glaxo.27s_heart_drug_hope>&lt;li&gt;
,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" ), 43.92
seconds.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"What I did today is really not a reflection of me."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Five times national champion Nick Symmonds dominated the men's 800
with front-running Alysia Montano claiming the women's race.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"These conditions, they were tough. It was really difficult for me to
get in a groove and jump to my capabilities," said
Williams,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/" ), whose personal
best is 2.37.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Trials 10,000 winner Galen Rupp also was a qualifier in the other
preliminary.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Former world champion Bernard Lagat easily qualified in the men's
5,[doudoune north face homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-
face-homme-c-3.html "http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-
homme-c-3.html" ),000. He trailed Lopez Lomong across the finish line with a
time of 13:42.83.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Nick Mulvenney/Peter Rutherford)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Khadevis Robinson,[The North Face](http://www.toinf.com/
"http://www.toinf.com/" ), like Nieto aged 35, nipped Duane Solomon by one-
hundredth of a second for second place.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=29 "Edit
section: NFL's  Pacman  Jones to pay $11.6 million for Las Vegas shoo" )]

##  NFL's Pacman Jones to pay $11.6 million for Las Vegas shoo

&lt;p&gt;Cudwort's attorney Richard Shonfeld said in a telephone interview on
Saturday that he was glad that the jury held Jones
accountable.,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/
"http://www.burberrywebs.org/" )&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Jones was suspended from playing in the NFL by Commissioner Roger
Goodell in 2007 and in 2008 for violations of the league's personal conduct
policy.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Clark County jury on Friday awarded Thomas Urbanski $9.6 million
in compensatory damages for a gunshot injury that left him paralyzed from the
waist down, according to online court records. Urbanski was the manager of the
Minxx club.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Urbanski's wife, Kathleen, was awarded $750,000 for loss of
consortium.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Bengals signed Jones for the 2012 season after he played only
eight games last season because of injuries.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;According to police reports, the incident occurred after Jones "made
it rain" by throwing money into the air. Minutes later, a brawl ensued outside
the club and Arvin Kenti Edwards,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ), an
associate of Jones, began shooting into a group of people.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Jackie Frank)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Aaron Cudwort, a bouncer at the club, was awarded $1 million in
compensatory damages and $600,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ),000 in punitive damages for injury in
the shooting.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;Edwards entered an Alford plea to the charge of attempted murder and
was sentenced to two to five years in prison. In an Alford plea, the defendant
does not admit to the charge,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), but
admits it likely could be proven.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He said he expected the NFL player to be able to pay the
settlement.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He was sentenced to one year of probation and 50 hours of community
service and ordered to pay a $250 fine plus court costs,[Ralph Lauren
Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html
"http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" ), according to court
records.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The awards stem from an altercation in February 2007 when
Jones,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.eritreaconnect.com/blogs/ijk759>&lt;li&gt; , who was
with the NFL's Tennessee Titans at the time,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/
"http://www.jcoan.com/" ), was in Las Vegas during the National Basketball
Association's All-Star weekend.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The NFL has asked Jones to be part of a panel discussion at the
rookie symposium in Ohio this month to talk about his off-the-field mistakes
at a football player.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Jones was arrested in July 2011 after being kicked out of a
Cincinnati bar. He was charged with disorderly conduct while intoxicated and
resisting arrest for pulling away from police officers as they tried to
handcuff him.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"After all of this time,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Xison7gdidn#Wizards_flip_
for_Saunders_as_new_coach>&lt;li&gt; , Aaron has some finality to what
happened to him,Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.p
hp/User:Xison0rdidn#Risk_of_death_higher_with_Avastin_than_chemo_alone>&lt;li&
gt; ," Shonfeld said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;CLEVELAND (Reuters) - A Nevada jury has ruled that Cincinnati Bengals
defensive back Adam "Pacman" Jones must pay $11.6 million to three plaintiffs
for his role in a 2007 shooting incident at a Las Vegas strip club.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=30 "Edit
section: Serena goes from brush with death to Wimbledon favorite" )]

##  Serena goes from brush with death to Wimbledon favorite

&lt;p&gt;China's 29-year-old Li,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/
"http://www.iburandos.org/" ), the first player from an Asian nation to win a
grand slam,[doudoune north face femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com
/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html "http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-
face-femme-c-2.html" ), has been the player of the year so far and her compact
game is well-suited to the grass.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While they have warmed up on grass this week, 20-year-old Wozniacki,
yet to win a grand slam title,[The North Face](http://www.toinf.com/
"http://www.toinf.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://thebiblereincarnate.com/index.php/User:Xison3tdidn#Qualifyin
g_worthy_of_a_medal_for_Ekiring>&lt;li&gt; , surprisingly opted to play on
hardcourts in Denmark instead.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Sharapova,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison9bdidn#Rowdy_Russians_booted
_off_plane_after_gold_medal_win>&lt;li&gt; , beaten by Li in the French Open
semi-finals, also thrives on grass courts with her full-on power
tennis.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Brian Homewood and Sonia Oxley)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In the last 11 years, Venus has won five and Serena four Wimbledon
singles titles with only Sharapova and the retired Amelie Mauresmo breaking
the Williams monopoly on the lawns.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;With sister Venus also back from a five-month lay-off in time for the
grasscourt slam the sisters have dominated for a decade, the women's
tournament has suddenly been catapulted out of the shadow of the men's
event.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Any weaknesses in their games will be fully exposed over the two-week
slog, however,[Ralph Lauren Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-
casquette-c-4.html "http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" ),
and there are plenty of women capable of wrecking their comebacks.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;She is still to return to China after her French title, preferring to
leave the celebrations until after Wimbledon.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;They have overcome adversity over the years, suffering personal
tragedies such as the murder of one of their sisters as well as battling many
injuries and instances of racist abuse.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;With an Australian Open runner-up finish and then her glorious run in
Paris, she has proved she has what it takes to win the game's major
prizes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Serena is a great champion so it's always great to see great
champions back on the tennis court," second seed Zvonareva told Reuters at
Eastbourne.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LONDON (Reuters) - Serena Williams has won titles after overcoming
adversity before but if she retains her Wimbledon singles crown just months
after a scrape with death it would represent the American's greatest
comeback.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Instead, with a near-perfect sense of
timing,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), the 29
-year-old made her comeback at Eastbourne this week and, despite precious
little competitive play, will open Center Court proceedings on Tuesday as she
begins the defense of the title.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;All eyes will be on the baseliner as she tries to end the debate
about her number one credentials and she will hope for a better showing than
she managed last year when she was thrashed 6-2 6-0 by Kvitova in the last
16.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"They add excitement to women's tennis and create another
challenge."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Many thought the 13-times grand slam winner's career was over when
she suffered potentially fatal blood clots in a lung during her recovery after
slicing a tendon in her foot on broken glass,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/250393>&lt;li&gt; , an
injury which itself required two operations.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;That is why,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/" ),
despite their woes this year and fall in the rankings which means Serena is
seeded seventh and Venus 23rd, it would not be a huge surprise to see them on
opposite sides of the net in the July 2 final if the draw keeps them
apart.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Neither will be worried by their lower rankings since Serena won the
2007 Australian Open while ranked 81 in the world and six months later Venus
triumphed at Wimbledon as the 23rd seed, with both having returned from
lengthy layoffs.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Everyone was going a little crazy. But I just want to prepare for
Wimbledon now because I've always done well there."&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports 2010 U.S. Open
    

&lt;p&gt;"I turned my phone off for three days," she said at Eastbourne this
week.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Provided she shakes off the illness that disrupted her grasscourt
preparations she will fear no one in the draw, not even the Williams
sisters.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Double the excitement and double the intrigue," was how former
Wimbledon great Chris Evert described the effect the American siblings would
have in leafy south west London.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;World number two Kim Clijsters has withdrawn with a foot injury but
China's Li Na, the French Open champion, world number one Caroline Wozniacki,
former winner Maria Sharapova and Zvonareva will all be contenders, while the
likes of Victoria Azarenka and Petra Kvitova could also go far.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Without the Williams sisters in the draw, the title could have been a
little hollow.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;She beat Vera Zvonareva in last year's final and the Russian got some
revenge this week when she knocked out Williams in the second round at the
Wimbledon warm-up event on the south coast.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;MORE EXCITEMENT&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=31 "Edit
section: Tiger toils to another 69 after early sizzle" )]

##  Tiger toils to another 69 after early sizzle

&lt;p&gt;A seven-times winner at the spectacular coastal
venue,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), including
his most recent major victory at the 2008 U.S. Open,[ブランドバッグ
激安](http://www.iburans.com/ "http://www.iburans.com/" ),Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://thebiblereincarnate.com/index.php/User:Xison5kdidn#Fed_prepa
res_for_last_spurt_of_easy_money_flood>&lt;li&gt; , Woods made a wobbly start
to the round.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Wayward off the tee in the opening round,[Ralph Lauren
Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html
"http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" ), his driving problems
again caught up with him as he struggled over the closing nine
holes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Woods splashed out to 20 feet and calmly rolled in the putt before
pumping his right fist in a mixture of celebration and relief.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He bogeyed the par-three 11th and the par-four 14th, both times
taking two shots to escape greenside
bunkers,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/ "http://www.burberryjp.net/" ), and
also dropped at the 15th where he found the right rough off the tee.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports Tiger Woods
    

&lt;p&gt;After another par at the second, he recorded four consecutive birdies
from the third, a monster 28-footer at the fifth prompting him to pump his
right fist repeatedly in trademark fashion.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;With a light breeze blowing, he found bunkers off the tee and also
with his approach at the first before coolly sinking a 10-foot putt to save
par.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Woods ground out a three-under-par 69 on the South Course,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Xison2adidn>&lt;li&g
t; , one of two layouts staging the PGA Tour event, for a six-under total of
138.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Woods failed to birdie the par-five ninth after pushing his second
shot into the right rough short of the green and reached the turn in four-
under 32.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;TRADEMARK CELEBRATION&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - It was just like old times for Tiger Woods as
he ominously worked his way up the Farmers Insurance Open leaderboard on
Friday until he suddenly lost ground after the turn.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Two birdies in the last three holes put a relieved smile on his face
after he had dropped three shots in five holes from the 11th.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The world number three recorded his fifth birdie of the day at the
par-three 16th,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://freewheelersonline.com/blogs/20361/112333/it-s-never-too-
late-to-start-exe>&lt;li&gt; , sinking a 13-footer, and did well to save par
at the 17th after ending up in yet another greenside bunker with his
approach.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;At the par-five last, he drove straight down the middle of the
fairway,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" ),
struck his second shot to 40 feet above the hole and two-putted for a
birdie.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Rex Gowar)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Moments after his ball dropped into the cup, a fan screamed out:
"That's my boy, Tiger."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In dazzling sunshine at Torrey Pines,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ), the former world number one briefly
closed to within two of the lead before ending the second round five strokes
behind pacesetting fellow American Bill Haas.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=32 "Edit
section: Westwood romps seven shots clear at Sun City" )]

##  Westwood romps seven shots clear at Sun City

&lt;p&gt;The Briton did not drop a stroke to par all day and stormed home in
just 30 shots to finish with a 16-under-par aggregate of 200.,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Xison0rdidn#Woods_happy_with_soli
d_start_to_Melbourne_defense>&lt;li&gt;
,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/ "http://www.burberrywebs.org/"
)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Writing by Tony Jimenez in London,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ), editing
by Stephen Wood)&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;Swede Robert Karlsson (69) and Britain's Graeme McDowell (70) shared
second place on 207,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ),Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.digitaleconomyact.info/index.php/User:Xison1zdidn>&lt;li
&gt; , one ahead of American Jason Dufner (70) and Martin Kaymer (70) of
Germany.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SUN CITY,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.newmeetingpoint.com/blogs/entry/Grooves-problem-
resolved-after-Ping-waives-legal-rights>&lt;li&gt;
,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" ), South
Africa (Reuters) - Lee Westwood showed why he is ranked third in the world on
Saturday,[ブランドバッグ 激安](http://www.iburans.com/ "http://www.iburans.com/" ),
reeling off 10 birdies in a spectacular 62 to charge seven strokes clear of
the field after the Sun City Challenge third round.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;World number one Luke Donald was back on 211 after returning a 70 in
the $5 million invitational event.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=33 "Edit
section: Jobs data strikes optimistic note for economy" )]

##  Jobs data strikes optimistic note for economy

&lt;p&gt;"The sharp drop in exports is a major concern for the economic
outlook as it is an indication that the pace of global activity may be slowing
appreciably," said TD Securities' Mulraine.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;DOWNWARD TREND IN CLAIMS&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As a result of the wider trade shortfall, economists estimated the
second-quarter's already weak annual growth pace of 1.3 percent could be
revised to 0.9 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 7,000 to a
seasonally adjusted 395,000, the Labor Department said, the lowest level since
early April. Economists had expected a reading of 400,[ブランドバッグ
激安](http://www.iburans.com/ "http://www.iburans.com/" ),000.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans claiming new jobless
benefits fell to a four-month low last week, a sliver of hope for an economy
battered for days by a credit rating downgrade and falling share
prices.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Small Business Money
    

&lt;p&gt;The Federal Reserve said on Tuesday that economic growth was
considerably weaker than expected and unemployment would fall only gradually.
The U.S. central bank promised to keep interest rates near zero until at least
mid-2013.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Hiring accelerated in July after abruptly slowing in the previous two
months. However, there are worries that a sharp sell-off in stocks and the
nasty fight between Democrats and Republicans over raising the government's
debt ceiling could dampen employers' enthusiasm to hire new workers.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Over the coming weeks I am going to be putting out more proposals,
week by week that will help businesses hire and put people back to work,"
Obama told workers at a battery plant in Michigan. "I am going to keep at it
until every single American who wants a job can find one."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Economists remain cautiously optimistic that the world's largest
economy will avoid a double-dip recession, citing declining energy prices and
the unwinding of supply chain disruptions from the earthquake in
Japan.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;U.S. exports fell for a second consecutive month, to $170.9 billion,
as shipments to Canada,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ), Mexico,
Brazil, Central America,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/
"http://www.burwe.com/" ), France,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), China
and Japan all declined.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;President Barack Obama on Thursday renewed a call for an extension of
a payroll tax cut and pressed Congress to pass legislation that would increase
investment in the nation's aging infrastructure and boost exports.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Imports from China rose nearly 5 percent to $34.4 billion, lifting
the closely watched trade gap with that country to $26.7 billion, the highest
in 10 months.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Prices for Treasury debt fell and the market suffered its worst long
bond auction in 2-1/2 years. The dollar was flat against a basket of
currencies.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The government will release its second estimate for second-quarter
gross domestic product on August 26. The economy grew at a 0.4 percent rate in
the first quarter.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It is possible that the risk aversion manifested in financial
markets will spill over to hiring. However, the data in hand don't yet reflect
such a dynamic," said Julia Coronado, chief North America economist at BNP
Paribas in New York.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;An increase in the volume of oil imports pushed the monthly oil
import bill in June to its highest since August 2008. That and the second
straight month of declines in exports contributed to the month's wider trade
deficit.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The level of claims at this point is more consistent with at least
no deterioration in labor market conditions and at best an economy that is
adding jobs at about 200,000 (a month)."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The jobless claims data released by the Labor Department on Thursday
eased concerns that the economy was heading back into
recession,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/ "http://www.burberryjp.net/" ),
as feared by investors,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/43544>&lt;li&gt
; , and sparked a rally on Wall Street that lifted stocks 4 to 4.7
percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;However,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;[http://www.kenyahoteldirectory.com/index.php?option=com_blog&amp;vi
ew=comments&amp;pid=23529&amp;Itemid=0](http://www.kenyahoteldirectory.com/ind
ex.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=23529&Itemid=0 "http://www.kenyahotel
directory.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=23529&Itemid=0"
)&lt;li&gt; , the optimism generated by the claims report was dampened
somewhat by a jump in the trade deficit to $53.1 billion in June, the largest
since October 2008, from $50.8 billion in May.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A sovereign debt crisis in Europe has also not helped.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But U.S. stocks rallied on Thursday, boosted by the jobless claims
report and solid earnings from Cisco Systems. Sentiment was also fueled by
department store chain Kohl's Corp raising its full-year profit
forecast.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Stocks have dropped sharply in recent weeks on fears of a new
recession, exacerbated by Standard &amp; Poor's decision to strip the United
States' top notch AAA crediting rating last Friday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;About 13.9 million Americans are unemployed.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We are not necessarily on the verge of another dip in economic
activity," said Millan Mulraine,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://iklankularis.net/ads/investors-worn-out-climbing-wall-of-
worry/>&lt;li&gt; ,[Polo Ralph Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ), a senior macro strategist at TD
Securities in New York.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=34 "Edit
section: Beckham probably too old for England says coach" )]

##  Beckham probably too old for England says coach

&lt;p&gt;The 35-year-old Beckham,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.mlmteam.in/ads/underage-drinking-hits-hospitals-at-new-
year/>&lt;li&gt; ,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ),
England's most capped outfield player (115) and second most capped of all time
behind goalkeeper Peter Shilton, made his debut against Moldova in September
1996.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Thank you, David,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" )," added Capello who used the former
Manchester United and Real Madrid player as part of his backroom staff at the
recent World Cup in South Africa.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;Speaking to reporters in Los Angeles after a training session on
Wednesday, Beckham said he had set himself a mid-September return from
injury.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Beckham, who missed the World Cup campaign in South Africa through
injury,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://guides.gamescheatdirectory.com/index.php/User:Xison1kdidn#Go
ffin_prepares_for_Sunday_worship_with_Federer>&lt;li&gt; ,[The North
Face](http://www.toinf.com/ "http://www.toinf.com/" ), has not played any
soccer since rupturing his Achilles tendon while on loan at AC Milan in
March.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LONDON (Reuters) - England manager Fabio Capello has effectively
signaled the end of former captain David Beckham's international
career.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;His final international appearance was against Belarus at Wembley
last October. He scored 17 goals for England.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Additional reporting by Gerard Wright in Los
Angeles,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/ "http://www.burberryjp.net/" ),
editing by Tony Jimenez)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I'll know personally when I'm right. It's my knowing if I'm right or
not."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Ahead of Wednesday night's friendly against Hungary at Wembley,[Polo
Ralph Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ), Capello told ITV Sport the Los Angeles
Galaxy midfielder was "probably a bit too old" to play for England
again.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The doctor said October 1 but I hope it can be a few weeks before
that,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://calcuttans.com/activity/p/283602/>&lt;li&gt; ,[Ralph Lauren
Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html
"http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" )," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He has always said he would never retire from international
soccer.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=35 "Edit
section: Yang retains one-shot lead at Honda Classic" )]

##  Yang retains one-shot lead at Honda Classic

&lt;p&gt;The South Korean, looking for his first U.S. PGA Tour title, had
taken a one-shot lead at the midway point of the tournament after a sizzling
65 on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;MIAMI (Reuters) - South Korea's Yang Yong-eun shot an even-par 70 on
Saturday to preserve a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the hotly
contested Honda Classic.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Starting out today,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;[http://lucchesecorral.grapevinehill.com/forum/topic.php?id=4543&amp
;replies=1#post-10169](http://lucchesecorral.grapevinehill.com/forum/topic.php
?id=4543&replies=1#post-10169 "http://lucchesecorral.grapevinehill.com/forum/t
opic.php?id=4543&replies=1#post-10169" )&lt;li&gt; , I noticed that the winds
were very strong, and I anticipated it being a very difficult
round,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" )," Yang
told reporters.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mark Calcavecchia matched Wi with a 65 for low round of the day and
was in a group of six at 206,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/
"http://www.burwe.com/" ), three off the pace.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Ben Crane held the lead briefly at seven under par after a hole in
one at the par-three fifth and a birdie at the sixth, but the American
followed with double bogeys at the ninth and 11th and finished on four-under-
par 206.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Today was a very difficult day for me," he said. "Actually I had
probably about five birdie chances today,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://unixwiki.net/index.php/User:Xison3bdidn#Court_invader_kisses
_Nadal_at_U.S._Open>&lt;li&gt; , all within 15 feet, but I couldn't hole a
single one."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"You're obviously trying to avoid those mistakes, but you know that
they are right there,[Polo Ralph Lauren](http://www.poiie.com/
"http://www.poiie.com/" )," Overton said. "You've just got to keep plugging
away and try to make birdies, because you need to make a few birdies to offset
those bad holes."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It was just victorious and it was just the pits,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), all in
one round," Crane said. "That's the beauty of this golf course, it's a
fantastic layout and it's going to be a fun shootout."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Yang balanced a bogey at the third hole with a birdie at the watery
par-three 15th to stand on seven-under-par 203 at windy PGA National where 11
players were within three shots of the lead.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Overton failed to stay dry at the par-four 11th,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ), hitting
two successive approach shots into the water on his way to a triple bogey.
Birdies at 13,[ブランドバッグ 激安](http://www.iburans.com/ "http://www.iburans.com/"
), 16 and 18 brought him back.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports South Korea
    

&lt;p&gt;He bogeyed the third hole after an errant tee shot, then scrambled to
run off a string of pars before knocking it within six feet at the 15th after
just clearing the water.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Yang tugged at his red golf shirt, indicating his pounding heart
after the tee shot just cleared the water and trickled toward the
hole.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Klauk, who finished Friday's round with five successive birdies for
68, birdied three holes on the front nine and added a bogey and a birdie on
the inward half.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;(Writing by Larry Fine,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;[http://www.cames.com.kh/forum/topic.php?id=2853&amp;replies=1#post-
3453](http://www.cames.com.kh/forum/topic.php?id=2853&replies=1#post-3453
"http://www.cames.com.kh/forum/topic.php?id=2853&replies=1#post-3453"
)&lt;li&gt; , Editing by Ken Ferris and Peter Rutherford)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A shot further back was South Korean Charlie Wi, an early starter who
fired a five-under 65, and Americans Brett Quigley (67) and John Rollins
(68).&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Tied for second place on 204 were Americans Jeff Klauk and Jeff
Overton. Klauk carded a 67, while Overton overcame a triple-bogey at the 11th
to shoot 70.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=36 "Edit
section: IRS revives offshore tax dodger forgiveness" )]

##  IRS revives offshore tax dodger forgiveness

&lt;p&gt;The reopened disclosure program carries slightly less generous terms
compared with those of previous years. Participants must file all original and
amended tax returns and include payment for back-taxes and interest for up to
eight years,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://liberalityblog.com/activity/p/127750/>&lt;li&gt; , as well
as paying accuracy-related or delinquency penalties.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He said, "We're continuing to collaborate with other governments to
get information about taxpayers hiding assets overseas, and we continue to
have investigations of banks,[Ralph Lauren Casquette](http://www.poiie.com
/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html "http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-
casquette-c-4.html" ), advisers and other individuals."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"People who came in earlier get a better deal, but for people who
come in now,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/
"http://www.burberrywebs.org/" ), it still makes sense,[ブランドバッグ
激安](http://www.iburans.com/ "http://www.iburans.com/" )," Shulman
said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The tax-collecting IRS and the tax division of the Justice Department
are probing Swiss and Swiss-style banks suspected of selling tax evasion
services to scores of wealthy Americans.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The reopening of the forgiveness program also signals that the IRS
believes there are many, perhaps tens of thousands, of U.S. taxpayers who are
still evading taxes.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;"If we catch people before they come in voluntarily, it's going to be
a lot worse outcome for the taxpayer," Shulman said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Two previous IRS programs, in 2009 and
2011,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), brought in
more than $4.4 billion in taxes from tens of thousands of tax
evaders,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/" ),Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.petforsalenewyork.com/ads/blood-testing-for-hgh-begins-
for-minor-leagues/>&lt;li&gt; , said the tax collection agency.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The inquiries are expected to involve the Swiss government
authorizing the handover of names of U.S. clients of Swiss banks, putting some
taxpayers at risk of prosecution if they have not already disclosed their
accounts to the IRS.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman said the number of tax evaders is
"hard to pin down."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Unlike the previous programs, the reintroduced program does not have
a deadline by which taxpayers must enroll. "This program will be open for an
indefinite period until otherwise announced," an IRS statement said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"This signals that the IRS is anticipating a wave of increased
enforcement,[Polo Ralph Lauren](http://www.poiie.com/ "http://www.poiie.com/"
)," said Jeffrey Neiman, a former federal prosecutor now in private practice.
"By reopening the program, the IRS is giving Americans with overseas accounts
a vehicle to avoid criminal prosecution."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reuters) - The Internal Revenue Service said on Monday it is
reopening a voluntary disclosure program for taxpayers who have evaded taxes
by hiding money offshore in secret bank accounts.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting By Lynnley Browning. Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Steve
Orlofsky)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The revival of the tax dodger forgiveness program comes at a time
when the U.S. government, facing enormous budget deficits, is cracking down
hard on offshore tax evasion.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Money
    

&lt;p&gt;Participants face a 27.5 percent penalty,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.blogopenads.com/ads/retirement-plans-add-options-
against-inflation-me/>&lt;li&gt; , but some may qualify for a 5 percent
penalty or a 12.5 percent penalty, depending on the amount of assets they hold
overseas.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Shulman said the IRS reserved the right to change the terms of the
program or shut it down altogether at any time.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=37 "Edit
section: Occupation a key factor in men's lung cancer risk" )]

##  Occupation a key factor in men's lung cancer risk

&lt;p&gt;For men,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/
"http://www.iburandos.org/" ), about 12 percent had worked in occupations
listed as known lung cancer risks, compared to 6 percent of controls; these
occupations included mining,
metalworking,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/
"http://www.burberrywebs.org/" ), and certain types of construction
work.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Men in the known to be risky occupations were 74 percent more likely
to have been diagnosed with lung cancer. The strongest associations were seen
for ceramic and pottery jobs and brick manufacturing, as well as for those
working in manufacturing of non-iron metals.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health Italy
    

&lt;p&gt;While cigarettes are by far the most important cause of lung cancer,
chemicals and other on-the-job hazards "play a remarkable role" in lung cancer
risk, the researchers write in the American Journal of Epidemiology.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SOURCE: American Journal of Epidemiology, online January 8,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://orantal.com/blogs/25898/260360/circumcision-may-prevent-sex-
rel>&lt;li&gt; , 2010&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Among the 385 women included in the study, just three of the cancer
patients and two of the healthy individuals worked in occupations known to be
associated with lung cancer; this translated to a four-fold increased cancer
risk, but because such a small number of women were exposed,[doudoune north
face homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), this
figure is "imprecise," the researchers note. They did find "suggestive"
increases in cancer risk for female launderers and dry cleaners.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To provide updated information on these risks, they looked at the
association between lung cancer and jobs either known or suspected to increase
the risk of the disease in 2,100 people diagnosed with lung cancer and 2,120
healthy individuals matched by age, gender and residence.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Men who work in certain occupations
continue to be at increased risk of lung cancer, new research from Italy
shows.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In fact, about 5 percent of lung cancers in men are job-related,
Dario Consonni of the IRCCS Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico in Milan and
associates found.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The findings of this study confirm the need for continuous
monitoring and improved control of work-related exposures,Related Theme
Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Xison4cdidn>&lt;li&g
t; ,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/ "http://www.burberryjp.net/" )," the
researchers conclude, "both for prevention and workers' compensation
purposes."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;About 5 percent of men's lung cancer risk could be attributed to
occupation, the researchers found.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The same percentage of cancer patients and healthy individuals --
about one in five -- worked in the occupations suspected to be associated with
lung cancer,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://mysocial.altervista.org/activity/p/80303/>&lt;li&gt;
,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), indicating no
overall increased risk. But the researchers did find a "marked elevated risk"
for gas station attendants,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/"
), and for people working in leather tanneries, glass workers, and welders,
although these were based on a small number of people.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=38 "Edit
section: Insight  John Paulson's returns falter again; investors fret" )]

##  Insight John Paulson's returns falter again; investors fret

&lt;p&gt;Paulson has told investors that his team has spent a lot of time
thinking about Europe and possible calamities that could occur there,
including a Greek payment default.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Mevi, who oversees $11.9 billion in public pension money, said New
Mexico had decided to cash out in part because of concerns that the manager's
fund had become too large and could not easily get in and out of
positions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Another criticism is that Paulson is late trying to capitalize on
bets that the crisis in the euro zone will mean hard times for the continent's
banks and financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In May, for the first time, he presented his "best ideas" at the Ira
Sohn Investment Conference, a popular charity event attended by a number of
well-known managers. But the idea Paulson presented was anything but new: He
listed AngloGold Ashanti, a long-term holding, as one of his favorite
picks.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"From time to time,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;[http://torontobikeforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=3&amp;t=46364](http://t
orontobikeforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=46364
"http://torontobikeforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=46364" )&lt;li&gt; , I do
check on John Paulson to see whether we did the right thing," said Joelle
Mevi, the state's chief investment officer. "And I see that we did."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Edited by Matthew Goldstein, Jennifer Ablan and Lisa Von
Ahn)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Adding more pressure are some rare defections as two of his top
lieutenants - Robert Lacoursiere, a former partner, and banking analyst James
Fotheringham - left in March to start their own fund, Petrarca
Capital.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The founder and manager of Paulson &amp; Co, who made his fortune and
fame by betting against the subprime mortgage market,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.classifiedsadded.com/ads/us-fda-approves-glenmarks-
metformin-tablets/>&lt;li&gt; , went so far as to tell investors in January
that last year's big losses, including a 50 percent decline in his popular
Advantage Plus fund, were an "aberration."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Earlier this year, he shouted impatiently on a conference call,
urging management at Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, another big
holding, to consider splitting up the company.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;There are few signs of a quick comeback for the 56-year-old trader,
who fumbled in 2012 by missing out on a big first-quarter rally in U.S.
financial stocks. Last year, a Paulson fund got pounded by being too bullish
on banks. He cut some of those losing positions - most notably by exiting Bank
of America Corp in late 2011, just before the rebound.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Money Related Quotes and News Company Price Related News
    

&lt;p&gt;And some of Paulson's other portfolios were doing better and posted
gains in the first five months of 2012.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paulson, who mostly avoids the society pages and big-name events that
some of his rivals seek out,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.greece4rest.ru/?q=node/205366>&lt;li&gt; , has also been
attending more industry gatherings.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Going into the second half of 2012, he is well-positioned,[The North
Face](http://www.toinf.com/ "http://www.toinf.com/" )," Krusen said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;BOSTON (Reuters) - Billionaire trader John Paulson has told his
wealthy investors that he has learned from his mistakes of 2011, which
produced enormous losses for his closely watched hedge fund.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While Paulson still has loyal clients, some U.S. public pension funds
and Wall Street firms that are invested with him have expressed their growing
unease.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"He seems anxious to be shorting Europe, but he needs an event to
succeed, such as a bank failure, but the European Central Bank and European
Union officials have so far obviated that," said Peter Rup, CEO and chief
investment officer at Artemis Wealth Advisors, which is not invested with
Paulson.&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;He previously let his 2007 returns speak for him. That year, largely
on the strength of the subprime trade, his credit fund surged 591 percent, and
the Advantage Plus fund rose 163 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"We don't have a formal watch list, but he is being watched more
closely," Missouri's Yoakum said. "And we are certainly much more critical
than we have been in the past."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;MISTAKES WERE MADE&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Investors have only a few chances to pull their money out of his
various funds every year. To do so by the end of June,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ), they would have had to notify Paulson
by mid-May, according to several smaller investors who said they had asked for
their money back.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Investors have said Paulson has signaled that second-quarter
redemptions will add up to the usual few percent of past quarters.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He told investors these stocks had helped performance from late May
through early June, but for the year to date, two of his big holdings have not
performed well. AngloGold Ashanti is down nearly 20 percent on the New York
Stock Exchange, while Gold Fields Ltd's ADRs have fallen nearly 17
percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;If Greece does default and exits the common currency, he said,
European banks would be hit extremely hard.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;UNDER PRESSURE&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But if the numbers do not show improvement soon, industry analysts
worry that confidence may weaken further, especially if other big clients like
state pension funds begin to bolt.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;There are signs that the pressure to deliver may be getting to the
normally soft-spoken manager, who has long said that he and his partners put
up more than half of his firm's capital.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;One New York adviser to wealthy clients recently expressed surprise
at how much time Paulson, one of the industry's busiest managers, had spent
explaining his views on the world and investing to him. The adviser requested
anonymity because his employer forbids him to speak to the media.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Known for his patient, or some might say stubborn,[doudoune north
face femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ),
views,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" ),
Paulson is sticking with gold stocks, saying they are undervalued compared
with the price of the metal.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;New Mexico, which stuck by Paulson through last year's growing
losses, pulled its $40 million investment in the first quarter.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But as the months tick on,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), many
investors are still waiting to see the dramatic turnaround Paulson has vowed
to deliver.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;At least one Wall Street bank that raked in big fees selling access
to Paulson's funds over the years is souring on him. The brokerage arm of
Morgan Stanley put Paulson on a "watch list" early in the second quarter,
instructing clients to avoid putting new money with him.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;As they tweak the portfolio, Paulson and his team are spending a lot
of time trying to persuade jittery investors to stick with him and newcomers
to put money with him.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"It is fair to say that he is having a difficult
year,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/ "http://www.burberrywebs.org/"
)," said Steve Yoakum, executive director of the $30 billion Missouri Public
Employee Retirement System, which is invested with him.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;This has taken a huge bite out of the firm's assets, which have
fallen to $22 billion from $38 billion early last year, according to
investors. Redemptions were substantial, but poor performance accounted for
the bulk of the drop, they said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Halfway through 2012, Advantage Plus is down again, losing 10 percent
through May. Another big portfolio that bets on gold - once a bright spot for
Paulson - was also in the red. In both cases, he blamed losses in gold stocks
for the declines.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Charles Krusen, chief executive officer of Krusen Capital Management,
says he thinks Paulson has taken key steps to reposition the portfolio by
hedging better and pulling back some of his positions.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To be sure, Merrill Lynch, UBS AG and other banks whose brokerage
arms also offer access to Paulson funds have not taken similar
steps.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Some analysts who study the $2 trillion hedge fund industry say
Paulson may have miscalculated again this year.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A spokesman for Paulson declined to comment for this story.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Paulson has admitted to his investors that in 2011 he was overly
optimistic about the speed of the U.S. recovery and underestimated the
magnitude of Europe's debt crisis. He has called last year's performance
"unacceptable" and said he was committed to delivering a "superior investment
performance" in the future.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=39 "Edit
section: U.S. bid to end Russian drought without Williams factor" )]

##  U.S. bid to end Russian drought without Williams factor

&lt;p&gt;The Americans had left a spot vacant for either of the Williams
sisters, hoping one of them would be healthy enough to compete in Birmingham,
Alabama.&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;The Americans hold a 4-3 edge of Russia in Fed Cup history but Russia
has won the last three meetings.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The U.S. team also includes Bethanie Mattek-Sands and the world's top
ranked doubles player Liezel Huber with official lineups for the weekend to be
announced at the official draw ceremony on Thursday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Fed Cup holders Italy play the Czech Republic in the other semi-final
in Rome.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But Venus, the world number four,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.iklan-percuma.net/ads/skip-shuffle-gives-u-s-team-first-
win/>&lt;li&gt; ,[Ralph Lauren Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-
casquette-c-4.html "http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" ),
said a knee injury would keep her out of the semi-final along with her top-
ranked sister.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;That means 18-year-old Melanie
Oudin,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/"
),Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.redesd.net/activity/p/153709/>&lt;li&gt; , ranked number
31 in the world,[Polo Ralph Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ),Related Theme Articles:
&lt;li&gt;<http://freewheelersonline.com/blogs/20361/113999/clijsters-win-
marred-by-controv>&lt;li&gt; , will be the top singles player on an American
squad that has not beaten Russia since 1999.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters) - The absence of the Williams sisters,[doudoune
north face femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-
femme-c-2.html "http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-
femme-c-2.html" ), two of the world's top players, has left the U.S. team
facing a daunting task to beat Russia for the first time in over 10 years in
this weekend's Fed Cup semi-final.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The Russians, winners of four Fed Cup titles between 2004 and
2008,[doudoune north face](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/" ), lost world number three Dinara
Safina,[Polo Ralph Lauren](http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/
"http://www.ppoloralphlaurenfr.com/" ), fifth-ranked Svetlana Kuznetsova and
14th-ranked Maria Sharapova to various injuries this year.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Writing by Frank Pingue in Toronto)&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Sports
    

&lt;p&gt;World number six Elena Dementieva will lead a Russian team that also
includes world number 30 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, 62nd-ranked Ekaterina
Makarova and Alla Kudryavtseva (77).&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=40 "Edit
section: WHO warns of high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity" )]

##  WHO warns of high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity

&lt;p&gt;The United Nations data showed one in three adults worldwide has
raised blood pressure - the cause of around half of all deaths from stroke and
heart disease - and the condition affects almost half the adult population in
some countries in Africa.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;LONDON (Reuters) - Health data released on Wednesday provided the
clearest evidence to date of the spread of chronic diseases like diabetes and
heart disease from developed nations to poorer regions such as Africa, as
lifestyles and diets there change.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Death registration:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;\- In 20 years, the number of maternal deaths has dropped from more
than 540,000 in 1990 to less than 290,000 in 2010 - a decline of 47 percent. A
third of these deaths were in just two countries - India with 20 percent of
the global total,[doudoune north face
homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html" ), and
Nigeria with 14 percent.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But in Africa, more than 40 percent -- and in some places up to 50
percent - of adults in many countries are estimated to have high blood
pressure.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;This report does not examine the causes behind the rising or falling
numbers, but seeks to give a snapshot of major diseases and health risks
affecting the global population.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;While the average global prevalence of diabetes is around 10 percent,
the report said, up to a third of the population in some Pacific Island
countries have the condition.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"In some African countries,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.greatparkportal.com/component/blog/comments?pid=40229>&l
t;li&gt; , as much as half the adult population has high blood
pressure."&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Maternal deaths:&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health United Nations
    

&lt;p&gt;In wealthy countries, widespread diagnosis and treatment with low-
cost drugs have significantly reduced average blood pressure readings across
populations - and this has contributed to a reduction in deaths from heart
disease, the WHO said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But the WHO says almost 80 percent of deaths from such diseases now
occur in low- and middle-income countries.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Other key trends identified in the report include:&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
&lt;p&gt;"Today, half a billion people - or 12 percent of the world's
population - are considered obese,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/
"http://www.burberryjp.net/" )," said Ties Boerma, the WHO's director of
health Statistics and information systems.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The highest obesity levels are in the Americas,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.poiie.com/ "http://www.poiie.com/" ), where 26 percent of
adults are obese, and the lowest are in south east Asia, at 3 percent of
adults.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;* Child deaths:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;\- Data from 2000 to 2010 show the world has made significant
progress in reducing child deaths, cutting them from almost 10 million under-
fives in 2000 to 7.6 million in 2010. Falls in numbers of deaths from
diarrheal disease and measles have been particularly striking,[The North
Face](http://www.toinf.com/ "http://www.toinf.com/" ), the WHO said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Obesity is another major issue, the WHO said, with data showing rates
of obesity doubling in every region of the world between 1980 and
2008.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Most of these people remain undiagnosed, the report said, and yet
many could be treated with inexpensive medicines - an intervention that would
cut the risk of death and disability from heart disease and stroke.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In Africa, rising smoking rates,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.playfuldating.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=58731
>&lt;li&gt; , a shift towards Western- style diets and less exercise mean
chronic or so-called non-communicable diseases are rising rapidly and are
expected to surpass other diseases as the most common killers by
2020.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"This report is further evidence of the dramatic increase in the
conditions that trigger heart disease and other chronic illnesses,
particularly in low- and middle-income countries,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://www.adsguideonline.com/ads/golden-state-warriors-moving-
back-to-san-francisco/>&lt;li&gt; ," the WHO's director general Margaret Chan
said in a statement with the report.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;This year's WHO statistical report was the first to include data from
all 194 member countries on the percentage of men and women with high blood
pressure, or hypertension, and with raised blood sugar levels, a symptom of
diabetes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;\- Only 34 countries - representing 15 percent of the world's
population - produce high-quality cause-of-death data. In low and middle-
income countries, fewer than 10 percent of deaths are registered.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The report found that women in all parts of the world are more likely
to be obese than men,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/" ),
and are therefore at greater risk of diabetes, heart disease and some
cancers.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Chronic diseases like diabetes,[doudoune north
face](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/" ), heart disease and cancer are often
thought of as illnesses which primarily affect people in wealthy nations,
where high fat diets, alcohol consumption and smoking are major health
risks.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Editing by Andrew Roche)&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The WHO's World Health Statistics report is published annually and
contains data from 194 countries on a range of health indicators including
life expectancy, illnesses and deaths from various diseases, health services,
treatments, and risk factors or behaviors that affect health.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In its annual report on global health, the Geneva-based World Health
Organisation (WHO) also said one in 10 adults worldwide has diabetes, an
illness that costs billions of dollars to treat and puts sufferers at risk of
heart disease, kidney failure and blindness.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;World Health Statistics 2012 is available at: here .&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=41 "Edit
section: Bladder control problems more common in ADHD" )]

##  Bladder control problems more common in ADHD

&lt;p&gt;He said that large studies are still needed both to pin down the
incidence of bladder-control problems in children with ADHD, and to understand
the underlying reasons. Medication side effects could be one factor, Palmer
noted, but research is needed to confirm that.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Children with attention-deficit
hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may be more likely than their peers to have
problems with bedwetting and other bladder control symptoms, a new study
finds.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"Parents should be aware that some of these children will have
voiding issues," Palmer said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The current findings, published in the Journal of Urology,[doudoune
north face homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-
homme-c-3.html "http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-
homme-c-3.html" ), are based on questionnaires and symptom diaries given to
the parents of 62 children with ADHD and 124 without the disorder who served
as a "control" group.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;When the researchers looked at the children's symptom diaries, 22
percent of the ADHD group had problems like bedwetting or urinary incontinence
over three days. That compared with 5 percent of the control group.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For parents of kids diagnosed with ADHD, awareness is the bottom
line, according to Palmer.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"I think people have known that there is this association,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://community.mhyelearning.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/12058
1>&lt;li&gt; , but it has not been well-catalogued," Palmer told Reuters
Health.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;SOURCE: bit.ly/h9oDz1 Journal of Urology, online December
21,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), 2010.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;But the small size limits the conclusions that can be drawn,Related
Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://buchha.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/161946>&lt;li&gt; ,
said Dr. Lane S. Palmer, chief of pediatric urology at Cohen Children's
Medical Center in New Hyde Park, New York.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;On average, children with ADHD scored an 11 on a questionnaire
gauging urinary tract symptoms -- including bedwetting and habitually feeling
an urgent need to urinate or to "hold" it in. In general, a score of nine or
higher suggests bladder problems, according to the researchers.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In contrast, the average score in the ADHD-free group was a
three.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Turkish researchers found that among 62 children with ADHD and 124
without the disorder, kids with ADHD scored considerably higher on a
questionnaire on "voiding" symptoms -- problems emptying the
bladder.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;According to Palmer, treatment usually means various types of
behavior changes -- like limiting liquids in the evening and having kids wear
a programmable watch that reminds them to take bathroom breaks at regular
intervals during the day.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;It's not fully clear why that is. But it could have to do with the
stimulant medications used to treat ADHD,[doudoune north
face](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/" ), or with the disorder itself,
according to Aydogdu,[バーバリー](http://www.burberryjp.net/
"http://www.burberryjp.net/" ), of Ankara University School of Medicine in
Turkey.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;A pediatric urologist not involved in the study said that it "helps
shed a little light" on the association between ADHD and urinary
problems.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;He added that some parents might think that voiding problems are
"just a part" of ADHD. "But they should be aware that it can be
addressed,[ブランドバッグ](http://www.iburandos.org/ "http://www.iburandos.org/" ),"
he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In particular, they tended to have more problems with bedwetting and
habitually feeling an urgent need to go to the bathroom.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;It can be more difficult for kids with ADHD to make such changes
compared with other children. So it's important to individualize children's
therapy, Palmer said,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://vidsubmit.com/blogs/entry/Woods-and-former-caddy-Williams-
defuse-tension-at-first-tee>&lt;li&gt; , which may mean setting smaller goals
along the way for kids with ADHD.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The new findings suggest that "the incidence of all voiding problems,
not only enuresis, increases in children with ADHD,[Polo Ralph
Lauren](http://www.poiie.com/ "http://www.poiie.com/" )," Dr. Ozgu Aydogdu,
one of the researchers on the study, told Reuters Health in an
e-mail.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"With enough baby steps," Palmer said, "you'll get to the
end."&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;Rates of ADHD vary widely by state, but up to 9.5 percent of U.S.
children aged 4 to 17 - a total of 5.4 million kids in 2007 -- have been
diagnosed with ADHD, according to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention. Annual costs associated with the condition range from $12,000 to
17,000 per child.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        Health
    

&lt;p&gt;Some past research has suggested that up to 30 percent of children
with attention deficit disorders have had problems with wetting themselves,
either during the day or while sleeping -- what doctors call
enuresis.&lt;/p&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Xison7sdidn&action=edit&section=42 "Edit
section: Government went too far in Balco sports drug case, says cour" )]

##  Government went too far in Balco sports drug case, says cour

&lt;p&gt;"When,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://peerconduit.com/blogs/entry/Wall-Street-woes-boost-
therapists-business>&lt;li&gt; ,[バーバリーアウトレット](http://www.burberrywebs.org/
"http://www.burberrywebs.org/" ), as here, the government comes into
possession of evidence by circumventing or willfully disregarding limitations
in a search warrant,Related Theme Articles:  &lt;li&gt;<http://www.greatparkpo
rtal.com/component/blog/comments?pid=40227>&lt;li&gt; , it must not be allowed
to benefit from its own wrongdoing by retaining the wrongfully obtained
evidence ..." 9th Circuit U.S. Appellate Chief Judge Alex Kozinski wrote in
the 9 to 2 ruling.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez admitted in February he had
used performance-enhancing drugs in 2003 during his playing days with the
Texas Rangers after Sports Illustrated said his name was on the
list.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The court also laid down new guidelines for conducting searches of
electronic records that require government investigators to use a third party
to sift through data when records of suspects are intermingled with those of
individuals not implicated in criminal activity.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Major League Baseball Players Association Executive Director Don Fehr
said by telephone the ruling would stop the government from using information
on the seized list.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;An investigation of steroid use in sports surrounding the San
Francisco-area BALCO lab engulfed sports stars from baseball homerun king
Barry Bonds to Olympic sprinter Marion Jones,Related Theme Articles:

&lt;li&gt;<http://tkdconnected.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/684559>&lt;li&g
t; ,[バーバリーセール](http://www.burwe.com/ "http://www.burwe.com/" ), who went to
prison.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The case is United States vs. Comprehensive Drug Testing Inc, Case
NO. 05-55354,[doudoune north face homme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com
/the-north-face-homme-c-3.html "http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-
face-homme-c-3.html" ), U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(Reporting by Gina Keating,[doudoune north face
femme](http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html
"http://www.thenorthfaceenlignes.com/the-north-face-femme-c-2.html" ), Peter
Henderson and Jim Christie; Editing by Eric Walsh)&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p&gt;A U.S. Department of Justice spokesman said lawyers were reading the
case and reviewing options.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;"The government won't have it,[Ralph Lauren
Casquette](http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html
"http://www.poiie.com/ralph-lauren-casquette-c-4.html" )," he said.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The government scooped up the records along with those of the 10
players it suspected of illegal steroid use, then argued that it should be
allowed to pursue cases involving records not covered by its original search
warrant.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Major stars' names are still being linked to the list, which
effectively would be lost to investigators, if the government does not
appeal.&lt;/p&gt;

    
        U.S. Sports France
    

&lt;p&gt;LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. government agents investigating alleged
steroid use among 10 Major League Baseball players went too far in seizing
test results for hundreds of other people from a California lab and using them
to expand the probe,[コーチ](http://www.jcoan.com/ "http://www.jcoan.com/" ), an
appeals court ruled on Wednesday.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The 9th Circuit panel reversed a ruling by a smaller group of
appellate judges which disapproved of the wholesale seizure of the records but
allowed the government to use materials.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The appeals court affirmed lower court rulings that the evidence
obtained through the too-expansive search should be suppressed as a violation
of Fourth Amendment protections against illegal search and seizure.&lt;/p&gt;

