# 694 in 2006

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![Image:Joshua.jpg](/media/4/47/Joshua.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Joshua.jpg
"Image:Joshua.jpg" )

**[694](/index.php/694 "694" )**

  * [2009](/index.php/694_in_2009 "694 in 2009" )
  * [2008](/index.php/694_in_2008 "694 in 2008" )
  * [2007](/index.php/694_in_2007 "694 in 2007" )
  * **2006**
  * [2005](/index.php/694_in_2005 "694 in 2005" )
  * [2004](/index.php/694_in_2004 "694 in 2004" )
  * [2003](/index.php/694_in_2003 "694 in 2003" )
  * [2002](/index.php/694_in_2002 "694 in 2002" )
  * [2001](/index.php/694_in_2001 "694 in 2001" )

* * *

**[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" )**  
  
---  
  
_Aim low and score high._

## Contents

  * 1 Build
  * 2 Accomplishments
    * 2.1 New York City Regional Competition
    * 2.2 UTC Connecticut Regional Competition
  * 3 Robot
    * 3.1 Robot Functions
    * 3.2 Robot Strategy  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Build" )]

## Build

Immediately after the kickoff event ended, we sprung into action. The
following week was spent on intense design discussions. We decided to split
the game into three phases: collect balls, store balls, shoot balls. The
collection problem was swiftly solved (at least in concept) by our noticing of
the fact that hairbrushes were able to grip the balls with ease. This idea
reemerged once we finalized our storage and conveyance device. Our final
design was a spiral of extremely thin aluminum enclosed by an equally thin
layer of Lexan sheeting. A column of revolving brushes stood proudly in the
center of our cylindrical construction, propelling the balls up the slight,
consistent grade to our flywheel. This integrated smoothly with the aptly
named "acquisitor," which flung the orbs nearly a foot vertically to where
they would be stored for later use. The flywheel floated gracefully near the
top of the spiral, supported by a delicate construction of metal tubing.

The final component of Joshua yet to be described, the drivetrain, deserves
the most attention. We originally hoped to utilize a powerful and stable
tread-based system so as to maximize our defensive potential and to prevent
our robot from being translated in the slightest during our firing procedures.
We also wished to ascend the rather steep ramp at the conclusion of each
match. Our dreams were soon shattered, sadly, as the treads we chose could not
adequately handle turning, and snapped. Springing into action once again, we
changed our drivetrain so that it used four wheels rather than treads. While
our turning issues were resolved, we were still unable to ascend the ramp. As
such, we incorporated a middle set of wheels, bringing our total to six. We
also added a gear shifting mechanism similar to that used on our robot from
the previous year. Due to the dissimilarities between the two robots, however,
the gear shifter did not operate as intended, and was soon removed. Throughout
all of this, we were still incapable of climbing the ramp, and since the
central two wheels had been inserted for balance and thus were not powered, we
removed them, leaving us with our truly final design.

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Accomplishments" )]

## Accomplishments

  * NYC Regional Website Award 
  * NYC Regional Xerox Creativity Award 
  * NYC Regional finalist 

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: New
York City Regional Competition" )]

### New York City Regional Competition

_general description of how it went_

  * Seeding 
  * elimination round 
  * awards 

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: UTC
Connecticut Regional Competition" )]

### UTC Connecticut Regional Competition

etc etc etc

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Robot" )]

## Robot

With his towering, brush-driven spiral and spinning ball "aquisitor," Joshua
proved the versatility of hair-care products. With a flywheel modeled after
that seen during the kickoff event, Joshua was able to accurately fling balls
from any angle into the upper goal. He was able to score balls in the lower
goals as well simply by reversing the brushes in both the spiral storage
system and the aforementioned "aquisitor." Joshua's drivetrain underwent
multiple revisions, leading to a final product which allowed for speedy and
agile traversal of the field due to multiple omni wheels. This combination
allowed him to become a finalist at the New York City regional competition.

Joshua was named after the grandson of two of our chief sponsors, Larry and
Yvette Gralla.

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Robot Functions" )]

### Robot Functions

  * capable of scoring balls in either set of goals 
  * strong, defensive drivetrain 
  * can acquire balls from either the top of the spiral (human-loaded) or the floor (independently) 
  * autonomously score up to 10 balls in the lower goal 

[[edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Robot Strategy" )]

### Robot Strategy

Our original strategy was to strike an even balance between scoring in the
upper goal and playing defense. If we saw that the atmosphere of the match was
such that "aiming high" was an impossibility, we could swiftly switch to
focusing on the lower goals.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/694_in_2006>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=694_in_2006
"Special:Categories" ): [694](/index.php/Category:694 "Category:694" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/694_in_2006)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:694_in_2006&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=694_in_2006)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/694_in_2006)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/694_in_2006)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=694_in_2006&oldid=63235)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 16:08, 25 September 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,229 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

