# Drill

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A **drill** is a tool with a rotating drill bit used for drilling holes in
various materials.

## Contents

  * 1 Overview
    * 1.1 Electric drill
    * 1.2 Drill press
  * 2 Safety
  * 3 External links  
---  
  

##  Overview

[![Electric handheld drill](/media/thumb/8/8c/Drill1.JPG/180px-
Drill1.JPG)](/index.php/Image:Drill1.JPG "Electric handheld drill" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Drill1.JPG "Enlarge" )

Electric handheld drill

The drill bit is gripped by a chuck at one end of the drill, and is pressed
against the target material and rotated. The tip of the drill bit does the
work of cutting into the target material, slicing off thin shavings (twist
drills or auger bits) or grinding off small particles (oil drilling).


###  Electric drill

Hand-held electric drills are ubiquitous. They usually look like a pistol,
with a trigger-like switch. They are also used for driving screws. These
drills typically employ a universal [motor](/index.php/Motor "Motor" ) with
brushes. Modern variable speed drills contain solid state phase control
circuits that limit their use to AC power only. As a tradeoff, the electronics
now give them variable speed, reversibility and [torque](/index.php/Torque
"Torque" ) control. Many drills are also cordless and use rechargeable
batteries.


###  Drill press

[![Drill press](/media/thumb/f/fe/Drillpress1.jpg/180px-
Drillpress1.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Drillpress1.jpg "Drill press" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Drillpress1.jpg "Enlarge" )

Drill press

A drill press is a fixed style of drill, which may be mounted on a stand or
bolted to the floor or workbench. It consists of a base, column (or pillar),
table, spindle (or quill) and drill head, usually driven by an induction
motor. The head has a set of handles (usually 3) radiating from a central hub
which, when turned, move the drill spindle (and chuck) vertically, parallel to
the axis of the column. The table can be adjusted vertically and is generally
moved by a rack and pinion, however some older models rely on the operator to
lift and reclamp it in position. The table may also be off-set from the
spindle's axis and in some cases rotated perpendicular to the column.

A drill press has a number of advantages over a hand held drill:

  * Less effort is required to apply the drill to the workpiece. The movement of the chuck and spindle is by a lever working on a rack and pinion, this gives the operator considerable mechanical advantage. 
  * The table allows a vise or clamp to position and lock the work in place making the operation secure. 
  * The angle of the spindle is fixed in relation to the table allowing holes to be drilled accurately and repetitively. 

Speed change is achieved by manually moving a belt across a stepped pulley
arrangement, some types introduce a third stepped pulley to increase the speed
range. This makes selecting the correct spindle speed more likely.


##  Safety

  * Always wear [eye protection](/index.php/Eye_protection "Eye protection" )
  * Keep loose clothing away from the spinning parts 
  * Be mindful of hands and body parts, as the drill bit goes through hands as well as [aluminum](/index.php/Aluminum "Aluminum" )


##  External links

  * [Drill on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drill "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drill" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Drill&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Drill&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
