As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:DanArgent

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Team related info
  * 2 Contact Info
  * 3 Background
  * 4 Experiances (2004)
    * 4.1 I intend on updating this more later  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Team related info" )]

## Team related info

  * Team:[1418](/index.php/1418 "1418" )
  * Joined FIRST wiki: 2 June 2004 
  * Year: Junior 
  * Team Jobs: 
    * Shop Manager 
    * Programer 
    * Human Element 

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Contact Info" )]

## Contact Info

  * Email:theCelt@gmail.com 
  * AIM:argentdn 

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Background" )]

## Background

I got involved with first this year (2004). I was one of the founding memers
of [1418](/index.php/1418 "1418" ), the same team as
[Phrontist](/index.php/User:Phrontist "User:Phrontist" ). I wandered about for
a while doing whatever needed to be done because we were terribly unorganized
at first. I found my position though as the 'tool master' of my team. I am
responsible for knowing where ever tool is and keeping the shop organized.
doesn't sound that exiting, but for someone with a passion for creating
organzational structures and getting completely ubsesed with doing a task it
fits pretty well.

I would like to contribute to this Wiki a good deal, but I will be leaving for
Kentucky for the summer and will not have internet access. Oh well, I can go
on a short burst of writing while I'm here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Experiances \(2004\)" )]

## Experiances (2004)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: I
intend on updating this more later" )]

#### I intend on updating this more later

On first walking into the 2004 compatition, I didn't realy know what to
expect. This was the first compatition that I have gone to and all I had seen
was some up close pictures that my team sponser had taken of robots the year
before. My team didn't realy know what to expect either, but we were ready to
go.

We were pretty set in terms of tools that we brought. The only thing we needed
to borrow the whole time was a shop vac after doing some filing. We had a mini
drill press that must have been made in 1920 that we brought too. It was
pretty cool.

I was the Human element that shot the basket balls in the goal, not because of
any great basket ball skill but because I was the only one who volenteered.
Half of the time I ended up passing the ball to the other team who actualy had
a basket ball player. I thought it was pretty easy to shoot the balls, one
time I got 7 out of 7 balls in.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:DanArgent>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:DanArgent)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:DanArgent&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:DanArgent)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:DanArgent)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:DanArgent)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/DanArgent)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:DanArgent&oldid=38996)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 20:06, 13 September 2004.
  * This page has been accessed 1,493 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

