# Website

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A website (alternatively, Web site or web site) is a collection of Web pages,
images, videos and other digital assets that is hosted on one or several Web
server(s), usually accessible via the Internet, cell phone or a LAN. A Web
page is a document, typically written in HTML, that is almost always
accessible via HTTP, a protocol that transfers information from the Web server
to display in the user's Web browser. All publicly accessible websites are
seen collectively as constituting the "World Wide Web". The pages of websites
can usually be accessed from a common root URL called the homepage, and
usually reside on the same physical server. The URLs of the pages organize
them into a hierarchy, although the hyperlinks between them control how the
reader perceives the overall structure and how the traffic flows between the
different parts of the sites. As of March 2007 there are over 8 billion web
pages in total on the World Wide Web. - Source
<http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/help/features.html>

[[edit](/index.php?title=Website&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Websites
in FIRST" )]

## Websites in FIRST

Most FIRST teams maintain websites, both to showcase their team on the
Internet and to become eligible for the regional and national [website
awards](/index.php/Website_Excellence_Award "Website Excellence Award" ).
There are various practices for maintaining team websites. Some are maintained
by adult or professional webmasters, and some are student-designed and
maintained.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Website&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: See
Also" )]

##  See Also

  * [Designing a team webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage "Designing a team webpage" )
  * [OpenFIRST](/index.php/OpenFIRST "OpenFIRST" )
  * [Wikipedia:Website](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Website "wikipedia:Website" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Website&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Website&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Website>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Website
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Webpages](/index.php/Category:Webpages "Category:Webpages" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Website)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Website&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Website&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Website&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Website)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Website)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Website)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Website&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Website&oldid=62646)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:43, 6 August 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,150 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

