As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRST LEGO League

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please
**[improve](http://firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit
"http://firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit" )** this
article.  
  
---|---  
  
[![The FLL Logo](/media/thumb/d/d0/FLL_logo.jpg/190px-
FLL_logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:FLL_logo.jpg "The FLL Logo" )

[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) Lego League, or [FLL](/index.php/FLL "FLL"
) was founded in 1998, in a partnership between [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST
"FIRST" ) and the [LEGO Corporation](/index.php/LEGO_Corporation "LEGO
Corporation" ). As an offshoot of the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ), FLL was designed for a younger audience using the [Lego
Mindstorms](/index.php/Lego_Mindstorms "Lego Mindstorms" ) kits. Students
involved in FLL build small LEGO robots, that traverse a 4' by 8' playing
field to accomplish tasks related around a core theme.

## Contents

  * 1 Robot Challenge
    * 1.1 Current Challenge
  * 2 Research Assignment
  * 3 Events
    * 3.1 Awards
      * 3.1.1 Technical Awards
      * 3.1.2 Team Performance Awards
      * 3.1.3 Special Recognition Awards
      * 3.1.4 Optional Awards
  * 4 History
    * 4.1 Previous Challenges
    * 4.2 External Links  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Robot Challenge" )]

#  Robot Challenge

Each year in September, the official FLL game is released. Special playing
field components, all made of LEGO's, are used to simulate real world things,
like polar bears for the Arctic Impact Challenge, or astronaut housing modules
for the Mission Mars Challenge. From this date until their first competition,
which is roughly 8 weeks, teams have to design, build, and program fully-
autonomous robots made entirely of LEGO parts.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Current Challenge" )]

##  Current Challenge

  * 2011 - "Food Factor"[[1]](http://www.firstlegoleague.org/media/twocol.aspx?id=247 "http://www.firstlegoleague.org/media/twocol.aspx?id=247" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Research Assignment" )]

#  Research Assignment

In addition to the robot challenge, FLL teams also are required to do a
'Research Assignment', about modern problems in society related to the core
theme of that year's FLL Challenge. For example, in the No Limits challenge,
teams had to come up with a robotic device to help disabled people, and
present anything from the concept to a fully functional, completed device to a
panel of judges.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Events" )]

#  Events

After the 8-week build season in over, FLL teams compete at one of over 200
regional [FLL Events](/index.php/Category:FLL_Events "Category:FLL Events" ).
Here, teams usually have three or more [rounds](/index.php/Round "Round" ) in
which they compete with their LEGO robot on the official playing field. Teams
also present their Research Assignments, technical aspects of their robots,
and how the team works together to three separate panels of judges.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Awards" )]

##  Awards

The highest award an FLL team can receive is the Champions Award (formerly
known as the Directors Award.) This award is given to the team that has shown
impressive robot performance, technical design, research, and teamwork. All
four aspects are weighed equally. Winning the Champions Award at the regional
level is the only way for an FLL team to reach the [World
Festival](/index.php/The_Championship_Event "The Championship Event" ), where
they fill one of roughly 80 spots. There, they compete in 3 matches, and
present their research, technical, and teamwork once again, alongside
[FTC](/index.php/FTC "FTC" ) and [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) teams.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Technical Awards" )]

###  Technical Awards

  * Robot Design Award 
  * Robot Performance Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Team Performance Awards" )]

###  Team Performance Awards

  * Project Awards 
  * Teamwork Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Special Recognition Awards" )]

###  Special Recognition Awards

  * Outstanding Volunteer Award 
  * Adult Coach/Mentor Award 
  * Young Coach/Mentor Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Optional Awards" )]

###  Optional Awards

  * Against All Odds Award 
  * [Team Spirit Award](/index.php/Team_Spirit_Award_%28FLL%29 "Team Spirit Award \(FLL\)" )
  * Judge's Award 
  * Universal Design Award 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: History" )]

#  History

This section needs to be filled in with more than statistics. If someone is
willing to write for this section, please post here.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Previous Challenges" )]

##  Previous Challenges

  * 2011 - [Food Factor](/index.php?title=Food_Factor&action=edit "Food Factor" )
  * 2010 - [Body Forward](/index.php/Body_Forward "Body Forward" )
  * 2009 - [Smart Move](/index.php?title=Smart_Move&action=edit "Smart Move" )
  * 2008 - [Climate Connections](/index.php?title=Climate_Connections&action=edit "Climate Connections" )
  * 2007 - [Power Puzzle](/index.php/Power_Puzzle "Power Puzzle" )
  * 2006 - [Nano Quest](/index.php/Nano_Quest "Nano Quest" )
  * 2005 - [Ocean Odyssey](/index.php/Ocean_Odyssey "Ocean Odyssey" )
  * 2004 - [No Limits](/index.php/No_Limits "No Limits" )
  * 2003 - [Mission Mars](/index.php/Mission_Mars "Mission Mars" )
  * 2002 - [City Sights](/index.php/City_Sights "City Sights" )
  * 2001 - [Arctic Impact](/index.php/Arctic_Impact "Arctic Impact" )
  * 2000 - [Volcanic Panic](/index.php/Volcanic_Panic "Volcanic Panic" )
  * 1999 - [FIRST Contact](/index.php/FIRST_Contact "FIRST Contact" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: External Links" )]

##  External Links

  * [FIRST Lego League Official Website](http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/fll/ "http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/fll/" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_LEGO_League>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRST_LEGO_League
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" ) |
[FLL](/index.php/Category:FLL "Category:FLL" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_LEGO_League)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_LEGO_League&oldid=91898)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:52, 27 February 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 21,145 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

