As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FLL Allowable Parts

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Part
s&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=edit" )**
this article.  
  
---|---  
  
  
*****Needs major attention with advent of NXT*****

Almost all LEGO parts are allowed to be used on [FLL
Robots](/index.php/Robot_%28FLL%29 "Robot \(FLL\)" ). The primary restrictions
are on the type and quantity of electrical parts.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Non-Electrical Parts" )]

## Non-Electrical Parts

Any LEGO part may be used to include LEGO Systems, Star Wars, Technic,
Mindstorms, Bionicle, etc. There is no quantity limit of any sort. You may use
as much Lego as you have access to.

A standard set of parts is available. The [FLL Robot
Set](/index.php/FLL_Robot_Set "FLL Robot Set" ) or basic NXT kit (educational
of retail can be used) can be purchased as part of registration (in whatever
desired quantity). This is similar to the standard [Lego Mindstorms
Kit](/index.php?title=Lego_Mindstorms_Kit&action=edit "Lego Mindstorms Kit" ).

As a practical matter [Technic](/index.php?title=Lego_technic&action=edit
"Lego technic" ) parts are the most commonly used (beams, liftarms, axles,
connectors, etc.)

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Electrical Parts" )]

## Electrical Parts

The following are the current limits on the type and quantity of electrical
parts allowed (current as of the 2005 - Ocean Odyssey):

  * 1 RCX [Peeron](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/884 "http://peeron.com/inv/parts/884" ) (plus the 6 batteries to run it) 
  * 3 Electric Motors (9 Volt Only) [Peeron](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/71427c01 "http://peeron.com/inv/parts/71427c01" )
  * 2 Touch Sensors [Peeron](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/879 "http://peeron.com/inv/parts/879" )
  * 2 Light Sensors [Peeron](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/2982c01 "http://peeron.com/inv/parts/2982c01" )
  * 1 Rotation Sensor [Peeron](http://peeron.com/inv/parts/2977c01 "http://peeron.com/inv/parts/2977c01" )
  * 1 Lamp 
  * Wires (as many as needed) 

Now also permitted are the new NXT robots. Unlike before, these can run on 6
AA batteries or it can utilize that recharageable battery pack that comes with
the kit. The current NXT electric part allotment is:

  * 1 NXT 
  * 3 Servo Motors 

-and three of the following sensors- Note: Rotation sensors are now built in to the NXTs and do not count as a sensor. Sound Sensors are not permitted due to the large amount of sound at competition. 

Touch Sensors Light Sensors Ultrasonic Sensors

It is important to note that this limit is inclusive of any robotic
"attachments" you may choose to bring to the competition board. So the above
limits are not a limit of "what is attached to the robot at a given point in
time", but rather a hard limit of what you may design your competition robot
with.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FLL_Allowable_Parts>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FLL_Allowable_Parts
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" ) |
[FLL](/index.php/Category:FLL "Category:FLL" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FLL_Allowable_Parts)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FLL_Allowable_Parts)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FLL_Allowable_Parts)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FLL_Allowable_Parts)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FLL_Allowable_Parts&oldid=51186)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:35, 17 November 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 2,394 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

