As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 293

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Team S.P.I.K.E.  
---  
[![Image:293logo.jpg](/media/9/9f/293logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:293logo.jpg
"Image:293logo.jpg" )  
Rookie Year: | 1997  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Pennington, NJ, USA  
School: |  
Approx. size: | 26  
Team Website: | <http://293spike.webs.com>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/293
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/293" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/293
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/293" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc293
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc293" )  
  
Hopewell Valley's Robotics team, Team 293 (affectionately nicknamed
S.P.I.K.E.) was founded eleven years ago and is proud to have been a long-time
supporter of the FIRST vision:

"To create a world where science and technology are celebrated... where young
people dream of becoming science and technology heroes"

-Dean Kamen, FIRST founder 

## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Photos
  * 3 Accomplishments
  * 4 Sponsors  
---  
  

## History

Team 293 was born in 1998, twelve years ago, coinciding with the launch of the
New Jersey Regional - in the back corner of an old metal shop. Made of wood,
the first robot was cleverly dubbed "Woody." The second year, the team named
itself the "Bullbots" (adapted from the bulldog school mascot of course) and
named their robot SPIKE, eventually picking up the acronym "Students
Participating In Killer Engineering." SPIKE soon broke free of its constrained
quarters, moving into donated space provided by World Water and Power
Corporation. In 2006, we were glad to be allocated space within the school
building. An old wood shop was generously given to us to convert into a
functional metal-working shop for the students. Team 293 has participated in
regional competitions ranging from New Haven to Annapolis. In the 2005 FIRST
season, SPIKE VIII proudly participated in the New Jersey and Philadelphia
Regionals, and made its way to Atlanta for the Championship event.

In 2007 the team went to Trenton and placed first in Annapolis, thus
continuing on again to Atlanta. During the successful national competition,
Team 293 got as far as the quarter finals, placing third in the United States.
In 2008, the wood shop was given a complete makeover and became a fully
functional Robotics Shop. In 2009 there were many changes in administration as
the team tried to clean up the way things are run; the effects of seniors and
mentors leaving had the remaining members scouting for recruits. Despite
hardships due to lack of spirit and funds, the team was able to pull through
and participate in both Trenton and Philadelphia regionals. This year, the
team plans to continue fixing up the inner workings and to come out better and
stronger then ever. Team 293 is proud of its commitment of participation in
FIRST Robotics and to create a primarily student-built (and functional) robot.

  


## Photos

[Team Pictures](http://293.webs.com/team_picture.htm
"http://293.webs.com/team_picture.htm" )

[2010](http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html
"http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html" )

[2009](http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html
"http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html" )

[2008](http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html
"http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html" )

[2007](http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html
"http://293spike.webs.com/2010/index.html" )


## Accomplishments

2009 -The Delphi "Driving Tomorrow's Technology" Award celebrates an elegant
and advantageous machine feature including, but not limited to design, wiring
methods, material selection, programming techniques, and unique machine
attributes. The team that wins this award must be able to describe in concise
terms verbally, as well as demonstrate, the chosen machine/robot feature. This
winning team was able to clearly describe as well as demonstrate their elegant
machine feature. Their accurate vision enabled their team and robot to track
success and to see things from multiple angles. This team's carbon footprint
might have been a little larger than most and in this case that was not a bad
thing.

-The Woody Flowers Junior Award was given to Dr. Petrillo for being an outstanding mentor! 

2008 -Most Innovative Design -General Motors Industrial Design Award

  
2007

-First place in the Chesapeake Regional 

-Third place Nationals 

-Xerox Creativity Award 

-Motorola Quality Award 

  
2006 -First Place at New Brunswick Eruption

-Best Autonomous at New Brunswick Eruption 

-Judge's Award at Chesapeake Regional 

-Xerox Creativity Award at Mid-Atlantic Regional 

  
2005

-Second Place at Philadelphia regional 

-General Motors Industrial Design Award at Philadelphia Regional 

-Xerox Creativity Award at Mid-Atlantic Regional 

-"Robot Drag Racing Winner" at New Brunswick Eruption 

  
2000

-First Place at Mid-Atlantic Regional! 

-First Place at Philadelphia Regional! 

-Honeywell Leadership in Control Award at Philadelphia Regional 


## Sponsors

Bristol Myers Squibb

