# FLL World Festival

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The **FIRST LEGO League World Festival** is the culminating event of the
[FLL](/index.php/FLL "FLL" ) season.

## Contents

  * 1 Description
  * 2 History
    * 2.1 2002 (Arctic Impact Season)
    * 2.2 2003 (City Sights Season)
    * 2.3 2004 (Mission Mars Season)
    * 2.4 2005 (No Limits Season)
    * 2.5 2006 (Ocean Odyssey Season)  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Description" )]

## Description

To attend the World Festival a team must be the Directors Award winner of
their state (or region outside the United States). In 2005 (still part of the
2004 No Limits season), 74 teams representing most of the 50 states and 20
countries attended the event.

The event is held at the same time and location as the [FIRST Robotics
Championship event](/index.php/Championship_Event "Championship Event" ) (in
2004 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, GA). It is a 2 1/2 day event designed to
celebrate the achievements of the Directors Award winners from around the
world.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: History" )]

## History

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: 2002 \(Arctic Impact Season\)" )]

### 2002 (Arctic Impact Season)

Known as the **FLL National Event**, this was the first time state Directors
Award winners were invited to a national event. About 20 teams participated.
The event was held in Orlando, FL in conjunction with that year's FRC
Championship event.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: 2003 \(City Sights Season\)" )]

### 2003 (City Sights Season)

Known as the **FLL Invitational Event**, this event was held in Houston, TX in
conjunction with that year's FRC Championship event. Approximately 40 teams
participated.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: 2004 \(Mission Mars Season\)" )]

### 2004 (Mission Mars Season)

Known as the **FLL Invitational Event**, this event was held in Atlanta, GA in
conjunction with that year's FRC Championship event. 48 teams participated (8
international). A description and results can be found on the [FIRST Web
site](http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/invitational.htm
"http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/invitational.htm" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: 2005 \(No Limits Season\)" )]

### 2005 (No Limits Season)

This is the first year that this competition was called the **World
Festival**. Partly the name change was to reflect the international scope of
the event (20 countries were represented). Also, a registration fee was
required and this event was given more official status as a separate event on
the FIRST LEGO League website. See [FIRST LEGO League
website](http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=13390
"http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=13390" ) for more information
about the event. See [the results](http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/2005fwf-
awards.htm "http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/2005fwf-awards.htm" ) on the FIRST
website.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: 2006 \(Ocean Odyssey Season\)" )]

### 2006 (Ocean Odyssey Season)

This event was held in Atlanta, GA at the Georgia Dome and Georgia World
Congress Center from April 27th - 29th, 2006. 82 teams were in attendance.
More information about which teams attended and many other things can be found
on the [FIRST LEGO League
website](http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=13390
"http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=13390" ). Read the [post
event press release](http://www.firstlegoleague.org/sitemod/upload/Root/Americ
a/06_FIRST_CMP_Post_Event_Press_Release.pdf "http://www.firstlegoleague.org/si
temod/upload/Root/America/06_FIRST_CMP_Post_Event_Press_Release.pdf" ).

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FLL_World_Festival>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FLL_World_Festival
"Special:Categories" ): [FLL Events](/index.php/Category:FLL_Events
"Category:FLL Events" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FLL_World_Festival)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FLL_World_Festival&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FLL_World_Festival)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FLL_World_Festival)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FLL_World_Festival)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FLL_World_Festival&oldid=49005)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 19:42, 17 July 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 3,264 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

