# Wire

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Wire is an [electronics](/index.php/Electronics_and_circuitry "Electronics and
circuitry" ) component used to transfer electrical energy.

## Contents

  * 1 Standard
    * 1.1 6 AWG
    * 1.2 10 AWG
    * 1.3 16 AWG
    * 1.4 24 AWG
    * 1.5 NOTE  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Standard"
)]

## Standard

The standard used in FIRST is the [AWG](/index.php?title=AWG&action=edit "AWG"
) standard. Each wire gauge should be used as follows.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: 6 AWG" )]

### 6 AWG

Used to connect from the [12V battery](/index.php/12V_battery "12V battery" )
to any other circuit breakers and distrobution blocks.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: 10 AWG" )]

### 10 AWG

Used in connecting Drill, CIM, Fisher-Price, Globe or Van Door
[motors](/index.php/Motors "Motors" ) to [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor
"Victor" ) and circit breakers.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: 16 AWG" )]

### 16 AWG

Used in connecting seat or window motors to Speed controllers and [circuit
breakers](/index.php/Circuit_breaker "Circuit breaker" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: 24 AWG" )]

### 24 AWG

Used for connecting [Sensors](/index.php/Sensors "Sensors" ), PWM cables, or
[Muffin fans](/index.php/Muffin_fan "Muffin fan" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: NOTE" )]

### NOTE

Whenever doing wiring on your robot remember to to keep everything as neat as
possible and try to avoid loose wire. The most common wire management tools
are [zip ties](/index.php?title=Zip_ties&action=edit "Zip ties" ), [wire
loom](/index.php?title=Wire_loom&action=edit "Wire loom" ), [heat
shrink](/index.php?title=Heat_shrink&action=edit "Heat shrink" ), [spiral
wrap](/index.php?title=Spiral_wrap&action=edit "Spiral wrap" ), and [nylon
sleeves](/index.php?title=Nylon_sleeves&action=edit "Nylon sleeves" ).
Whenever wiring make sure to use properly rated wire and breakers for the
electronic compenent. If you use improperly rated components your robot won't
work in the best case scenario, and in the worst case could cause serious
injury to your robot and person. There are a number of [rules on
wiring](/index.php?title=Rules_on_wiring&action=edit "Rules on wiring" ) that
are fairly consistent year to year.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Wire>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Wire
"Special:Categories" ): [Electronics](/index.php/Category:Electronics
"Category:Electronics" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Wire)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Wire&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Wire&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Wire&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Wire)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Wire)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Wire)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Wire&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Wire&oldid=48702)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 13:58, 11 July 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 1,462 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

