# Talk:Designing a team webpage/Guide 1

### From FIRSTwiki

&lt; [Talk:Designing a team webpage](/index.php/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage
"Talk:Designing a team webpage" )

Jump to: navigation, search

Should we have links to good example websites?
--[Snoldak924](/index.php/User:Snoldak924 "User:Snoldak924" ) 15:54, 28 Jun
2004 (EDT)

    Yes, that would be a good idea. Perhaps a link to the website excellence/best website award winner page would cover this, and a few of the better of the best can be listed here. I do think, though, that bullet points isn't the best way to convey most of this information (one of my reasons for putting it on [FIRSTwiki:Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )). Also, there's another issue worth discussing ... 

_One excellent resource all teams should consider is OpenFIRST, a set of
modules for FIRST teams to make or enhance sites. The utility of this software
package cannot be emphasized enough._

At issue is that, perhaps it **can** be emphasized enough. The wiki should
definately take an objective, disinterested party stance, what wikipedia calls
a NPOV (neutral point-of-view). Certainly, we can refer people to OpenFIRST,
but it seems that this goes so far as to _endorse_ and _encourage_ people to
use the module ... **do we want to do this**? I say no.
--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 17:00, 29 Jun 2004 (EDT)

I don't even use openFIRST, so I don't know how good it
is.--[Snoldak924](/index.php/User:Snoldak924 "User:Snoldak924" ) 10:24, 30 Jun
2004 (EDT)

    It's not a matter of how good it is (I haven't used it myself). The issue is whether we should be an objective recorder of facts, or endorse and encourage certain "products". I think as an open-content encylopedia, we must strive for the former and avoid the latter. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 15:07, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    In my usual manner of throwing out ideas that aren't really productive or leading to any solution, I'd like to point out that the _real_ point of FIRSTwiki is to help members of the FIRST community. Being NPOV and such is just one method of getting there, but it doesn't have to be a law. Also, consider there are forks of wikipedia that are intentionally **not** NPOV. If openFIRST is very useful for most teams, we should say so. But, in this case, I would say the quoted sentence is a bit too strong. I'm in favor of Mrawls view... this time. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 15:22, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    

    You raise a good point. Let's continue the discussion at [FIRSTwiki talk:Policies and guidelines](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Policies_and_guidelines "FIRSTwiki talk:Policies and guidelines" ). --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 15:36, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&action=edit&sec
tion=1 "Edit section: Hosting oppertunies and my website aritce" )]

##  Hosting oppertunies and my website aritce

Will there be a article for FREE hosting oppertunies ie. Sevaa.com give free
hosting to all first teams. Also I did a ariticle on designing a FIRST site
maybe we can combine the stuff. Its not in bulit form..... and This is pretty
nice setup and now im finallly tired so im going to sleep.
--[Stefan](/index.php/User:Stefan "User:Stefan" ) 4:22, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    These two pages definitley need to be merged into this page. I'd say this page has the proper naming. It's a good idea to check what pages already exist before starting one, but good work on the pages you did, stefan. --[user:max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" )

If we start putting hosting companies on here, it will just become a sea of
ads. I think we could link to a host directory, like findagoodhost.com, or
maybe something else, to stay objective.
--[Snoldak924](/index.php/User:Snoldak924 "User:Snoldak924" ) 10:26, 30 Jun
2004 (EDT)

    I don't think we should have a place for general hosting companies, but I think there are at least 3 companies offering free hosting to FIRST teams. Those are most definetly worth having. So basically, if you want an ad (if that's what you call it), you have to offer free hosting to teams. --[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz "User:Sciencewhiz" ) 10:57, 30 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    

    agreed --[user:Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" )

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Talk:Designing_a_team_webpage/Guide_1&oldid=39678)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 19:36, 30 June 2004.
  * This page has been accessed 1,056 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

