As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Aim High

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 **Aim High**
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  
**Aim High** was the name of the 2006 season [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) [game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). 

## Contents

  * 1 Game Description
    * 1.1 Game Hint
  * 2 Field Layout
    * 2.1 Alliance Station
  * 3 Tournament Structure
  * 4 Kit of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Robots
  * 7 Sources  
---  
  

## Game Description

[![Aim High](/media/thumb/0/02/250px-Aim_High_Logo.png/200px-250px-
Aim_High_Logo.png)](/index.php/Image:250px-Aim_High_Logo.png "Aim High" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-clip.png)](/index.php/Image:250px-
Aim_High_Logo.png "Enlarge" )

Aim High

Aim High is played by two alliances, red and blue, each consisting of three
robots. During a 10 second autonomous mode, robots will be programmed to score
into any of the three goals: one raised center goal marked by a green vision
target and two corner goals at floor level. At the end of the autonomous
period, the alliance with the most points will gain a 10 point bonus and will
be placed on defense for round two. Rounds two, three, and four, which are
each 40 seconds long, are human-controlled rounds. Between rounds two and
three, the alliances will switch from offense to defense, or from defense to
offense accordingly. At the start of round 4, any alliance can score into
their corresponding goals. At the end of the match, an alliance can receive
bonus points by placing its three robots on a platform below the center goal.
The alliance with the most points wins. Scoring will be as follows: 3 points
for any ball scored in the center goal, 1 point for any ball scored in the
corner goals; 10 bonus points for scoring the highest in the autonomous round;
and 25 points for placing all 3 robots on the platform at the end (10 for 2
and 5 for 1).


### Game Hint

FIRST sent this e-mail blast:

> Greetings Teams:

>

> The Game Design Committee is pleased to provide you with the following game
clue:

>

>     five 'bots tangling with pasta

>     a game piece obsessed with a shovel's show

>     and seeing Montana's green heights

>

> We wish you all a Happy Holiday Season and look forward to seeing you at
Kickoff.

>

> Go Teams!

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Aim_High&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: Field
Layout" )]

## Field Layout

The Aim High field has 6 goals and 2 platforms. Unlike previous years, an
alliance's goals are on the far side of the field. The field is flat,
measuring 54 feet long by 26 feet wide.

[![ARENA '06](/media/thumb/c/c5/ARENA06.jpg/200px-
ARENA06.jpg)](/index.php/Image:ARENA06.jpg "ARENA '06" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:ARENA06.jpg "Enlarge" )

ARENA '06


### Alliance Station

The alliance station wall is 26 feet long and stretches the width of the
field. In the middle 18 feet of the alliance station wall exists diamond plate
aluminum from the floor to 3 feet high, with clear acrylic filling the rest of
the 3 1/2 feet. The outer edges of the wall consist of transparent
polycarbonate. Above each alliance station, there is a circular goal (the
center goal), with a green light above it. The green light is used so that the
CMUCam2 can lock onto it. On the bottom left and right of each alliance
station, there are two rectangular holes (the corner goals) through which
balls can be scored. In front of each alliance station there is a raised
platform.


## Tournament Structure

The tournament structure of this competition is the same as in previous years.
In the regional comptitions, teams will be given access to their robots on the
Thursday of the competition weekend. It is a day dedicated to practice, giving
each team a number of practice rounds on the regulation playing field. Friday
and the morning of Saturday is dedicated to a series of qualification rounds.
Each team will compete in around seven to ten matches. The number of wins by a
team in these matches determines the team's ranking.

Before the lunch break on Saturday, the top eight teams after the
qualification rounds are asked to select an alliance of three robots. The
order to this selection process goes in order from the top-seeded team to the
eight seed. In contrast to previous years, the order reverses for the second
selection round; the eighth seed picks first and then backwards in order to
the first seed. This was instituted to make the finals more competitive and
balanced compared to previous years.

After the lunch break, the finals take place. This is a standard-elimination
tournament bracket, starting with alliance 1 facing alliance 8, alliance 2
facing alliance 7, and so on. At the end of the finals, the last remaining
alliance is declared the winner and all three teams are given the right to
attend the national competition.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Aim_High&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: Kit of
Parts" )]

## Kit of Parts

There were several changes in the [kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit
of parts" ) this year,

  * The inclusion of the [National Instruments](/index.php?title=National_Instruments&action=edit "National Instruments" ) [LabVIEW](/index.php/LabVIEW "LabVIEW" ) program 
  * CMUCam II, including a pan/tilt assembly with [servos](/index.php/Servo "Servo" ), designed to follow an illuminated target 
  * A new robot controller, based on the PIC18F8722, instead of the PIC18F8520 
  * New EasyC programming tool 
  * New, wider CIM motors with drive belts 
  * New, smaller Window motors 
  * A new, smaller and lighter backup battery charger 
  * An IR transmitter and reciever (for broken beam detection) 
  * And (probably the most surprising) a [digital camera](/index.php?title=Digital_camera&action=edit "Digital camera" ) and _Picasa_ software supplied by [Google](/index.php?title=Google&action=edit "Google" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Aim_High&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Rules"
)]

## Rules

Major Rules include:

  * Intentionally damaging another robot or the playing field is not allowed. 
  * No balls may exit the robot at a velocity greater than 12 m/s (39 ft/s). 
  * The shooter mechanism must remain within the original starting dimensions. 
  * No part of the robot may ever extend more than 60 inches above the floor. 
  * If a robot is more then 60 inches high, and it blocks a ball from being shot, a 5 point penalty per ball will be assesed. 
  * Power supplies are limited to compressed air, a 12-volt motorcycle battery, a 7.2-volt RC battery, deformation of parts (such as springs), and potential energy due to gravity. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Aim_High&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: Robots"
)]

## Robots

It is expected that many robots will launch the foam ball with a baseball
pitcher mechanism or other shooting mechanism. These will consist of one or
two spinning disks that will propel the ball through a barrel and into the
goal. Other mechanisms to fire the projectiles might include pneumatic devices
or catapults.

The game is a test of accuracy and efficient use of resources, such as the
CMUCam, to make the largest scoring advantage.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Aim_High&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [Kickoff movie](http://robotics.nasa.gov/events/2006_kickoff.php "http://robotics.nasa.gov/events/2006_kickoff.php" ) hosted by NASA. 
  * [2006 game manual](http://www.usfirst.org/robotics/doc_updt.htm "http://www.usfirst.org/robotics/doc_updt.htm" )

