# 291

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

CIA  
---  
[![Image:CIA_old_logo.gif](/media/9/94/CIA_old_logo.gif)](Image:CIA
_old_logo.gif "Image:CIA_old_logo.gif" )  
Rookie Year: | 1999  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Erie, PA, USA  
School: | Collegiate Academy  
Central  
Villa Maria Academy  
Approx. size: | 30  
Team info: | [my.usfirst.org](https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=t
eaminfo&team=291
"https://my.usfirst.org/myarea/index.lasso?page=teaminfo&team=291" )  
TBA page: |
[thebluealliance.net](http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=291
"http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=291" )  
Team Website: | <http://team291.org/>  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Team History
    * 1.1 2006
    * 1.2 2005
    * 1.3 2004
    * 1.4 2003
    * 1.5 2002
    * 1.6 2001
    * 1.7 2000
    * 1.8 1999
  * 2 Sponsors
    * 2.1 Platinum Sponsors
    * 2.2 Gold Sponsors
    * 2.3 Silver Sponsors
    * 2.4 Bronze Sponsors  
---  
  

##  Team History


###  2006

In 2006 the team attended both the Pittsburgh and Philadelphia Regionals. In
the Philly regional, we ended with a seed position of 3rd and choose the
alliance of teams 177 and 306. Our alliance won the Philly regional after
tough competition. With the win we were invited to the National Competition in
Atlanta, GA. In Atlanta, we were chosen by the alliance of 365 and 1038. Our
alliance continued to the quarter finals in our division. The season was also
marke by the earning of 4 awards. In Pittsburgh we took the Saftey,
Sportsmanship, and Entrepreneurship awards. In Philly we took the Industrial
Design award.


###  2005

If change is a good thing, we should have known we were going to be absolutely
phenomenal in 2005. Having had nearly all the students from our team graduate
in 2004, our team was virtually all rookies. A number of mentors and teachers
were returning, though, so we enjoyed the best of both worlds - rampantly
enthusiastic imaginations coupled with veteran experience. Would we be able to
take a trophy for a fourth year in a row? Would our strategy be proven valid?
Would the design be rugged enough to withstand the collisions that surely
awaited us on the field of competition? Those who saw us at the Pittsburgh
Regional saw for themselves. Not only did we place 5th (outranking quite a few
teams with quite a few more veterans on them), we also were honored with the
Motorola Quality Award for having built the robot with the most rugged and
reliable design. Congratulations to all involved.


###  2004

Year number six is clearly the year the momentum shot through the roof. Eight
GE-sponsored teams have become twenty-three and we still can’t believe it.
Within GE there is now a support network bristling with the energy of a small
metropolis. We christened our ninth murder mystery dinner with the debut of
“Very, Very Vicious Vegas” and raised close to $7,000 (with another $7,000
sure to be in the pipeline with our next whodunit offering this spring). We
even secured support from the newly formed Technology Council of Northwestern
Pennsylvania. And our design efforts raced to new horizons with the
introduction of our first-ever omnidrive base which provided us with some new
challenges.


###  2003

In our fifth year we felt like we were just beginning to hit our stride. We
finally got an organizational structure that allowed everyone to coordinate
activities better and we began to find success in our efforts to expand FIRST
within our company. Four new GE team sponsorships were born and the future
looked bright for further additions. Our fundraising efforts with the murder
mystery dinner were more successful than ever raising over $13,000 with our
sister GE team in Erie (Team #63 – the Red Barons). And our fundraising
efforts weren’t the only thing to break new ground. For the first time ever,
our robot used a drive system other than the tried-and-true skid steer
arrangement. And while our performance at the Buckeye Regional was fair, our
performance at Pittsburgh was a team record. We earned the number five seed
and, after choosing sister Team 63 and Team 217 (the ThunderChickens from
Sterling Heights, Michigan), we went on to compete in the championship match,
losing to an impressive alliance of Teams 322, 548, and 49. From there we
moved on to the Championship Event where we racked up an average of 139
qualification points per match with the only losses we suffered coming at the
hands of alliances composed of two finalists. When all the qualification
matches were over and the playing fields fell silent we found ourselves ranked
ninth in the Curie division – a team record for national competition. There
was no doubt about it – we were really getting the hang of this.


###  2002

With three years behind us, we now understood a fair bit about how to navigate
through the year. The fundraising would be done before January. We applied
for, and were graciously awarded a grant from NASA. We again performed two new
murder mystery dinner theaters and earned over $10000. We were ready to go
when January arrived. We made sure the robot was simpler, both with regard to
game strategy and with regard to design. Goals. The whole game pivoted around
goals, we concluded. That simple truth would simplify everything. Let the
other teams do all they want with handling soccer balls, we would master the
art of goal acquisition and control. We were closer to our target weight than
we had ever been before and we won 5 of 7 matches at both the Cleveland and
Toronto regional competitions and ranked impressively at both (4th and 5th
respectively). With our first appearance in finals we felt our year could not
get much better. Even though we didn’t win either regional, we were happy to
have done as well as we did. Then at the awards ceremony in Toronto we got a
shock – our two speed transmission, which provided an excellent “get home
quick” ability earned Delphi’s “Driving Tomorrow’s TechnologyTM” Award. That
was thrilling by itself, but it also meant that we had qualified to compete at
the championship in Orlando. The schools all chipped in and so did GE – even
though we hadn’t anticipated the need for the travel funds the community
rallied behind us and made it happen. We did not disappoint – once again
winning all but two matches (one of which was lost to the #1 team in our
division – the RAGE team #173) earned us a spot in the finals. Somewhat
expectedly, doing this well only heightened our appetite reach for more in
2003.


###  2001

Entering our third year in competition we were determined to finally go for
the brass ring. We began raising funds earlier than ever before. We held two
different murder mystery dinner theaters (one of which actually had our robot
playing the victim!) and raised over $6000. We got the word out better at the
schools that FIRST was an amazing opportunity and a surprising amount of fun.
When it came time to actually build the robot, we decided to make a robot that
was part locomotive, part tightrope walker, and part crane. It would either be
our most impressive entry to date, or it would be a robot with a serious
identity crisis. As it worked out, the robot was not all we had hoped it might
be. While its power was good, it wasn’t fantastic. And although its balance
was nearly amazing, it ended up being only reasonable. Finally, its abilities
as a crane were effective but far from distinctive. While simply having the
chance to participate was rewarding enough, the lessons learned were
invaluable. We would not make the mistake of prioritizing incorrectly again.


###  2000

In a quest for a name that was simple enough to chant, the name CIA was
introduced along with a robot that was more reliable than our rookie effort.
With a year’s experience under their collective belts, the team started off
with an appreciation of what awaited them. Once again they ventured off to
Ypsilanti and the thrill of the Great Lakes Regional. The ramp at the center
of the field turned out to be a very little bit of real estate for four robots
to occupy at the same time and so our robot quickly had to fight for its piece
of turf. In one match we found ourselves atop the ramp with a fair bit of time
remaining and the opposition positioned itself to try to knock us off. Once,
twice, three times they rammed and three times they were repelled like so much
tissue paper. While we didn’t win any FIRST awards, Team #33 did give us their
Design Award in recognition of a robot that held the ramp with vise-like
strength. Slowly but surely, we were making a name for ourselves.


###  1999

Even though our team is best known to those familiar with FIRST as CIA, back
in 1999 during their rookie season Team #291 was actually called the
“Tenacious Technomotivators” – quite a mouthful and not something that was
easy to get the audience chanting. Nevertheless, our performance left the
audience wanting to do just that. At our very first competition match at the
Great Lakes Regional one of our outrigger arms was broken off when it wrangled
with an opponent’s machine. To our credit, we went back to the pits and jury-
rigged a repair to the wounded machine, returning to win most of the remaining
matches. At the championship, they again saw their machine crippled when their
periscoping lift mechanism was wrestled to the ground by an opponent’s
impressive defense. Looking on the carnage that had been our robot, one of the
judges asked what our team was going to do now. “We’ll fix it. Everything will
be fine. We’re going to win our next match,” predicted sophomore Lee Hoang
boldly. More surprising than his confidence in our ability was the fact that
he was exactly right. It so impressed the judges that, along with our other
efforts in our rookie season, we were awarded with Rookie of the Year honors.
That was only the beginning.


##  Sponsors


###  Platinum Sponsors

  * GE 
  * Erie School District 


###  Gold Sponsors

  * Gannon University 
  * Erie Freeze 
  * Braendel Painting 
  * Jenson-Landis Jr. Memorial Open 


###  Silver Sponsors

  * Sealing Devices 
  * Sullivan Supply Company 
  * Swanson Systems, Inc. 
  * Erie General Electric Credit Union 
  * Grise Audio-Visual Center 
  * Amatech Polycel 


###  Bronze Sponsors

  * PSB Industries 
  * Erie Seawolves 
  * Lake Erie Speedway 
  * Dick's Sporting Goods 
  * The Station Dinner Theatre 
  * The Riverside Inn 
  * GOHRS Painting Services 

