As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:JosefJones

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Wireless Industrial Remotes-An Era of Industrial Automation**

  
Industrial automation has reached to its peak point after the development in
[wireless industrial](http://www.baseng.com/ "http://www.baseng.com/" )
technology. Controlling a huge machine has become much easier with a wireless
remote control than it was before. Formerly, the use of remote controls was
only limited to T.V, Music system and different other household systems. In
industrial sectors remote controllers were used only for small applications
such as a garage door opener etc.

However, todayâ€™s wireless industrial controllers are much more advanced and
they are used for various purposes such as in industrial petroleum sectors, as
process controls, in bulk transport sectors and many other such engineering
sectors. These advanced remote controllers are used mainly for gigantic
machines for interference free control. As they are made with high power
transmitter they can catch the tiniest of signals. They can also work within a
high range.

One of the important aspects of these wireless remotes is that they are
designed with frequency hopping spread spectrum technology. This is a unique
power that lets the remote controllers provide a complete interference free
control. The operator of these systems can shut down the whole system during
any little disturbance of signals. This ensures the safety of these products
as well as the gigantic machines.

Use of these industrial remote controllers is also quite broad. They are
widely adopted in the industrial petroleum sectors. They are used in propane
and anhydrous Ammonia transports n order to ensure the safety of the machines.
You can also find its uses in bulk transport sectors where these industrial
wireless systems are used as an automatic leak detector. Aircraft Fuel
transfer is another use of these wireless remotes. By using these remote
controllers fuels can be transferred easily and quickly in the aircraft. Apart
from that, these remotes are used as [process controls](http://www.baseng.com/
"http://www.baseng.com/" ), automatic driver authorization system, and many
more.

The installation of these wireless systems simply requires connections to
power supply and output relay screw terminals. One can simply activate the
output relays by pressing the button on the transmitter encoder. Most of these
radio remote controllers are designed in a rugged IP68 weatherproof enclosure
making the receiver able to learn up to 15 transmitter button parings. These
paring signals can be even memorized by the system even when the power is
removed. The transmitter has many switches and each of the switches can be
paired with any of the receiver relay outputs. However, sometimes, the
switches may be paired with all the receiver relay outputs.

These wireless systems can be operated with normal 12/24 DC or 230Vac.
However, you must be careful that the receiver should not be connected with
more than one power supply under no circumstances. When you need to remove the
cover during any maintenance, you should make sure that the main input supply
is isolated. Any maintenance of these devices should have to be performed by a
qualified as well as registered electrician only. However, there are so many
manufacturers that provide radio remote controllers with one or two year
service warranty. So in that case, you can get free servicing from the company
from where you have bought the device.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:JosefJones>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:JosefJones)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:JosefJones&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:JosefJones&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:JosefJones&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:JosefJones)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:JosefJones)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:JosefJones)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/JosefJones)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:JosefJones&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:JosefJones&oldid=89718)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 07:06, 3 February 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 1 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

