# Team number

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The **team number** is a unique identifier assigned by
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) to each [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ) and [FIRST LEGO League](/index.php/FIRST_LEGO_League "FIRST
LEGO League" ) [team](/index.php/Team "Team" ), though the numbering system
for each group is independent of the other.

From 1992 to 1998, a [team's](/index.php/Team "Team" ) number was reassigned
at the outset of each competition season and, thus, held little importance in
any logistical or operational sense. The number a team received was based upon
its place in an alphabetized list of competitors they appeared, with such
alphabetization being based upon the team's sponsor. This is why teams that
have competed each year since 1992 have numbers as high as
[191](/index.php/191 "191" ) (Xerox). Further, it shows that team
[1](/index.php/1 "1" ) did not compete in 1992, but rather was sponsored by
3-Dimensional Services, thus appearing at the top of the alphabetized list of
sponsors.

Beginning in 1999, returning [teams](/index.php/Team "Team" ) were reassigned
their existing team numbers from 1998, while rookie teams were assigned
numbers consecutively thereafter. The consecutive numbering of new teams
continued uninterrupted until 2002, when an error by FIRST forced a change in
procedure. 2002 rookie team registration should have begun with number 717,
but instead started at 800. When new team registration reached number 999, a
[control system](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" ) limitation
required [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) to fill in unclaimed numbers,
starting back at 717. So, while teams number 717 to 799 were rookies in 2002,
they registered later than teams numbered 800 to 999.

Beginning in 2003, the [control system](/index.php/Control_system "Control
system" ) was adapted for a four-digit numbering system and the consecutive
assignment of numbers has continued since then.

If teams stop participating in the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ), their team number is not reassigned to a new team. Instead, it
lays dormant until such a time that the team may decide to compete once again.
Team [73](/index.php/73 "73" ) is an example of a team that, after a years
long hiatus from [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ), reestablished its old
team number and began competing again.

Also of note, team numbers 666 and 911 have never been assigned.

