As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Breakaway

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or
section](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Breakaway&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Breakaway&action=edit" ) by
expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php/Talk:Breakaway "Talk:Breakaway" ) or at [requests for
expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for
expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 **Breakaway**
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

[![Breakaway](/media/thumb/d/d4/FRC_Breakaway_Logo.png/180px-
FRC_Breakaway_Logo.png)](/index.php/Image:FRC_Breakaway_Logo.png "Breakaway" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:FRC_Breakaway_Logo.png "Enlarge" )

Breakaway

**Breakaway** is the 2010 [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) game announced on January 9, 2010. 

The object of Breakaway is to score as many points for your alliance as
possible. The winner of a match is determined by the most points scored when
the timer ends or when all robots have stopped moving, and after penalties are
assessed.

## Contents

  * 1 Game Overview
    * 1.1 Field
    * 1.2 Game Play
    * 1.3 Scoring
  * 2 Competition Schedule
  * 3 Robots  
---  
  

## Game Overview


### Field

Breakaway is played on a 27 foot Ã— 54 foot carpeted field. The field is
divided up into three zones:

  * Far Zone (farthest from the alliance wall) 
  * Middle Zone 
  * Near Zone (closest to the alliance wall) 

There are two bumps (12 inches high) with towers in the middle (7 feet tall)
that the divide the field into the zones. On each side of the field there are
alliance stations (RED and BLUE) where there are two goals on the sides. The
entire field is divided in half along the length of the field with white tape.

The game is played with 12 standard size 5 white soccer balls.

[![Image:Breakaway_field.jpg](/media/0/00/Breakaway_field.jpg)](/index.php/Ima
ge:Breakaway_field.jpg "Image:Breakaway_field.jpg" )


### Game Play

A match consists of two alliances (red and blue) where alliance consists of
three [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) teams.

One match lasts for 2 minutes and 15 seconds where the first 15 seconds being
the [autonomous period](/index.php/Autonomous_Period "Autonomous Period" ),
where robots run completely off pre-programmed software (drivers are not
allowed to touch the controllers). The remaining two minutes is the
[teleoperated period](/index.php/Teleoperated_Period "Teleoperated Period" ),
where two human drivers take control of their robot. The last twenty seconds
of the match is the 'finale' where robots are allowed to expand outside their
size constriction, increasing the probability of the team lifting on the
tower.

The main objective of the game is to score as many soccer balls into your
alliances goals to earn points. At the end of the match any robots that are
above the platform or hanging from another robot are awarded additional
points.


### Scoring

  * Each scored ball is worth 1 point 
  * Each elevated robot (above the platform) is worth 2 points 
  * Each suspended robot (contact with a elevated robot) is worth 3 points 


## Competition Schedule

  * Kick-Off - January 9, 2010 
  * Robot Ship Date - February 23, 2010 
  * Regional Competitions - March 4, 2010 - April 3, 2010 
  * Championships - April 15-17, 2010 


## Robots

Robots in this game shoot, push, and lift. Due to its low scoring nature,
robots often specialize in doing a specific task, and only a few (i.e.
[330](/index.php/330 "330" ), [968](/index.php/968 "968" ),
[1717](/index.php/1717 "1717" ), etc..) can do all of them. About half the
robots at the [Los Angeles Regional](/index.php/Los_Angeles_Regional "Los
Angeles Regional" ) could go over the bumps and half under the tunnels. About
a third could lift.

Robots may be divided into several categories:

  * **"Pushers"** primarily shove balls into the goals. They are typically small and rectangular and are the most common type of robot. This type generally performs best in the near zone. 
  * **"Shooters"** typically start out in the far zone and play in two or more zones. They specialize in controlled shots, so they can both get far zone balls into the near zone and score points. 
  * **"Lifters"** and **"Distributors"** specialize in lifting and distributing balls (respectively) to the near zone. They are rare and typically park near the towers. 
  * **"Re-Score"** Team [469](/index.php/469 "469" ); Deployed at the alliance's tower and re-scored balls that were returned via the chute. The re-scored balls were rolled back down the chute, allowing for another opportuntiy to score, creating a semi-infinite loop. 
  * Many robots can function as both pushers and lifters, and a fair percentage can shoot as well. These robots generally have ball collectors 

