As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Etwefd3rg

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Constable's Lock for sale, seen worth $30-40 million
  * 2 Madonna's brother to publish book on life with her
  * 3 Gosh! Famous Five get 21st Century makeover
  * 4 Charlie Sheen bombs in Detroit debacle
  * 5 Ai Weiwei endured immense pressure in detention source
  * 6 Barnes wins Booker Prize he once named posh bingo
  * 7 Matisse bronze could fetch $35 million at auction
  * 8 Green Auction nets $2 million for environment
  * 9 Sotheby's to sell modern collection in Amsterdam
  * 10 UOB chairman is Singapore's richest man-Forbes Asia
  * 11 Diet Etiquette for the Holidays
  * 12 Italian museum defies pope over crucified frog
  * 13 Strauss-Kahn case twist turns prospects upside-down
  * 14 Bodies found from London's old Bedlam hospital
  * 15 Shanghai eatery pairs food, wine, light, sound
  * 16 Egypt's unrest blights 2011 tourism revenue
  * 17 Egypt uprising art brightens Cairo, tempts buyers
  * 18 Four US airports to test expedited screening plan
  * 19 Art market buzzes ahead of Basel, London sales
  * 20 U.S. bidder snags William and Kate Pez for $13,000
  * 21 Air travellers want more self-service, study finds
  * 22 Exhibitions Ancient Egypt's Book of the Dead in London show
  * 23 Lufthansa cuts 2011 outlook after weak August
  * 24 Top 10 fishing destinations
  * 25 Accor says targeted buys may boost Indian expansion
  * 26 InterContinental to return $1 bln from hotel sales
  * 27 Carlson, Rezidor to operate hotels under one name
  * 28 German firm starts selling space travel insurance
  * 29 Thai Airways says unsure of making 2011 net profit
  * 30 Top 10 ugly buildings to visit
  * 31 Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman
  * 32 Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman
  * 33 Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's
  * 34 Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95
  * 35 Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott
  * 36 San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7
  * 37 Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's
  * 38 Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams
  * 39 Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95
  * 40 Grammys go country for nominations concert
  * 41 Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95
  * 42 Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films
  * 43 San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7
  * 44 Happily Divorced actress Tichina Arnold is wed
  * 45 Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott
  * 46 Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams
  * 47 Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's
  * 48 Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams
  * 49 Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95
  * 50 Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films
  * 51 San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7
  * 52 San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7
  * 53 Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's
  * 54 San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7
  * 55 Fox promotes broadcast TV executive Kevin Reilly
  * 56 Porn film production on hold after Los Angeles syphilis case
  * 57 Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's
  * 58 Solange Knowles Follows In Alexa Chungs Footsteps As Face Of
  * 59 LFW AW â€™11 Report GILES Slide Image 7 Shows
  * 60 Greek tourism rebound needs reforms to last  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Constable's  Lock  for sale, seen worth $30-40 million" )]

##  Constable's Lock for sale, seen worth $30-40 million

LONDON (Reuters) - One of British artist John Constable's most important
paintings, "The Lock", will go under the hammer at Christie's in London on
July 3 and is expected to raise 20-25 million pounds (around $30-40 million),
the auctioneer said on Tuesday.

The Lock is one of a celebrated series of six large-scale canvases that also
includes "The Hay Wain",[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), arguably his most famous work that
hangs in Britain's National Gallery in London.

The Lock is also the last of the series still in private hands, and is being
offered from the private collection of Baroness Carmen Thyssen Bornemisza.

The painting has been sold only once since it was acquired from the
artist,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), raising 10.8 million pounds at
auction in 1990 making it the most valuable British painting ever sold at the
time -- a record it held for 16 years.

The current auction record for a British painting is, most experts agree,
$86.3 million for a 1976 Francis Bacon triptych sold in 2008.

Bacon was born in Ireland, but is often described as British due to his
English parentage and the fact that he spent much of his life in London.

"This superb landscape, coming from the same series as The Hay Wain,
represents British landscape painting at its very best and is sure to attract
bidding from museums and collectors from all over the world,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" )," said Jussi Pylkkanen,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), president of Christie's Europe,
Middle East, Russia and India.

The Lock was completed in 1824,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), one of the most important years
in Constable's career which saw The Hay Wain exhibited at the Paris Salon and
King Charles X of France award him a gold medal.

Constable's success in France has been seen by many experts as a factor in
inspiring French artists in a movement of landscape painting that would find
its fullest expression some five decades later in the work of the
Impressionists.

The Lock is a landscape depicting a man at a lock with a boat on the river
just behind him, set under a towering tree and a dramatic, cloud-filled sky.

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), editing by Paul Casciato)

ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-65>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-65>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://exden.com/singles/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/613048>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://exden.com/singles/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/613048>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefz9rg#Chinese_opera_face-changing_it.27s_a_kind_of_magic>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Madonna's brother to publish book on life with her" )]

##  Madonna's brother to publish book on life with her

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pop star Madonna's brother Christopher Ciccone has
written a memoir called "Life With My Sister Madonna,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" )," to be published next month by
Simon and Schuster.

"Ciccone's extraordinary memoir is based on his life and 47 years of growing
up with and working with his sister -- the most famous woman in the world,"
Simon and Schuster imprint Simon Spotlight Entertainment said.

Ciccone,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), one of Madonna's five siblings,[Louis
Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), wrote the book with Wendy Leigh. She
has also written biographies of John F. Kennedy Jr,[Gucci Bags](http://www
.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), Britain's Prince
Edward, Liza Minelli and ghost-written Zsa Zsa Gabor's autobiography.

Madonna's spokeswoman Liz Rosenberg had no comment.

Madonna, whose original name was Madonna Louise Ciccone, made her debut in
1982. Her first album,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-
sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), "Madonna," which
included hits such as "Holiday," "Borderline" and "Lucky Star," helped her
become one of the best-selling pop artists,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), with more than 200 million
albums sold worldwide.

The book will be published on July 15, a month before Madonna celebrates her
50th birthday.

Reuters/Nielsen

Entertainment Fashion People ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Etwefs6rg>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg>
  * <http://whatworkswell.net/index.php/User:Etwefj5rg#11_22_63___tops_best-sellers_list_for_second_week>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Gosh! Famous Five get 21st Century makeover" )]

##  Gosh! Famous Five get 21st Century makeover

LONDON (Reuters) - One of Britain's best-known children's book series,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), Enid Blyton's "Famous Five," has
been turned into a 21st century cartoon -- to a mixed reception from purists.

The "lashings" of ginger beer and cream buns have gone, replaced with mobile
phones, laptops, iPods and pizza, as the five teenagers follow in their
parents' daring footsteps.

As the children of the original heroes Julian, Dick,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), Anne and George,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), the
new adventurers set about catching fake environmentalists, rather than
kidnappers and smugglers -- along with Timmy the dog.

Almost seven decades after Blyton created the child detectives, the characters
are being revived in a new Disney Channel cartoon, "Famous Five On the Case,"
along with a book series.

Critics have long branded her books sexist, racist and overly simplistic, but
Blyton's stories are still hugely popular, selling more than 10 million copies
a year, drawing readers into a bygone world of carefree kids and "beastly"
grown-ups.

The new series,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), in association with Chorion which holds
the titles' rights, was given the green light by Blyton's eldest daughter,
Gillian Baverstock just before she died last year.

But Vivienne Endecott, from the Enid Blyton Society, said she was "wary" about
the makeover.

"Anybody can write about four children and a dog and my concern is that kids
who watch this will think that the Famous Five is all about gadgets and
multiculturalism," she told newspapers.

The new series stars Anglo-Indian Jo -- George's daughter whose full name
"Jyoti" is Hindu for light -- who, like her mother, is a proud tomboy, and
loves the outdoors.

Next is 13 year-old Max,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/
"http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), Julian's son, an avid mountain biker and
skater. Anne's daughter, Allie, 12, is a Californian who loves shopping and
sending text messages.

Dylan,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), 11, the son of Dick, is a
gadget nerd and aspiring businessman who follows the stock market on his
laptop.

"The Famous Five themes of adventure, mystery and friendship are as relevant
and appealing to kids today as they were 70 years ago," said the Disney
Channel's Steve Aranguren in a statement.

Blyton, who penned nearly 700 books ranging from The Famous Five and Secret
Seven series to Noddy, was the best-selling English-language author of the
20th century and has sold about 400 million copies. She died in 1968.

The new 26-part series starts in May.

(Editing by Steve Addison)

ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Etwefb1rg>
  * <http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Etwefe5rg#Broadway_talks_go_all_night.3B_strike_continues>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefz9rg#Billy_Idol_promises_drugs.2C_booze_and_women_in_his_memoir>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Charlie Sheen bombs in Detroit debacle" )]

##  Charlie Sheen bombs in Detroit debacle

DETROIT (Hollywood Reporter) - Call it tiger blood or Adonis DNA if you will.
Just don't call it entertainment.

Kicking off his 20-city tour April 2 in Detroit, Charlie Sheen pulled a stunt
that even by his standards was a little extreme. He alternately pandered to
and antagonized an estimated audience of 5,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ),000 people at the Fox Theater in
a blatantly cynical attempt to cash in on his craziness. Roughly paraphrased,
his excuse for having barely worked out the blueprint for an act was, "Hey,
you guys paid for a show when you didn't know what you were getting!"

What the audience got was egomania gone wild. Grandiosely titled "My Violent
Torpedo of Truth: Defeat is Not an Option," Sheen's haphazard act was neither
standup nor confessional memoir, despite repeated promises that he was going
to dig deep and dish secrets. It was closer to a motivational seminar, but one
in which the speaker was also the key beneficiary. Early in the evening,
before the crowd turned sour, there was a creepy atmosphere that suggested
group indoctrination into a cult.

The audience was packed with beer-guzzling fans who cheered Sheen on at first
as he benignly nodded approval of the girl-on-girl lip-lock from his
"goddesses," two Christina Aguilera clones who promptly disappeared.

The crowd remained somewhat supportive as Sheen launched into a rant that
began with, "They took my awesome children. They took my sometimes groovy job.
They tried to take my brain and my heart and my titanium spine." There were
promises of "A night of pure magic, a night of winning." But despite Sheen's
assurance several times, that things were about to get radical,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), they just got boring. When you
pledge to unlock the Vatican assassin inside each and every audience member,
you better deliver something.

What Sheen delivered was the overwritten, faux-Biblical preaching of a self-
anointed Messiah, who views himself as the most truthful person in the
universe. Maybe, but not this universe. He opened up to audience questions and
then deflected most of them as too lame to merit his attention, the chief
exception being from a young woman who requested to come up onstage for a hug.

Whether Sheen was thrown off by the steadily increasing hostility in the
audience is unclear. But the impression is that beyond the video content that
made up more than 50% of his 70 minutes of stage time, there didn't appear to
be much of a plan. The Two and a Half Men debacle was referenced only in one
or two indirect swipes.

Sure,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), some of the video mashups and rap
tributes were funny,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), but there was little that can't
be enjoyed while surfing Youtube. And the scratch remix with comic inserts of
Sheen's GMA interview with Andrea Canning was a succession of self-serving
cheap shots. Irrespective of the vague information supplied about the show in
advance, it seems dishonest to promise a night of soul-baring and deliver a
lot of rehashed Web fodder.

There's a certain trainwreck fascination in watching a meltdown in progress,
but this anthropological study of the homo loco species wore very thin very
fast. And Sheen appears to have known it. As the booing, and the shouts of
"Loser" and "You suck" grew more insistent, and the walkouts increased, he
said he would take a music break and return when the crowd woke up. Rather
than the rumored guest appearance of Snoop Dogg, rapper Simon Rex appeared and
barked a little, followed by Snoop performing on video. The possibility of
Snoop appearing in person was nil, as he was performing with kids TV band Big
Time Rush at Nickelodeon's Kids Choice Awards in Los Angeles at the time.

Afterward, Sheen did not return (reports that he reappeared on stage after the
end are false). House lights came up. No bow. Show's over. Half the audience
sat there looking stunned for a time,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), watching the road crew clear the
stage. On the way out, I overheard someone say,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), "Dude, that was seriously the worst
thing I've ever witnessed."

The opening montage that introduced the star threaded together clips of his
father Martin Sheen in Apocalypse Now with images from Jaws, Raging Bull, Taxi
Driver, Dirty Harry, Die Hard, Carlito's Way, National Lampoon's Animal House
and Fast Times at Ridgemont High, giving a pretty clear indication of how
Charlie Sheen sees himself these days. That would be warrior, law enforcer,
killer, psychopath and party animal. But this thrown-together, insanely self-
indulgent showcase merely reveals someone far more sad and delusional.

Entertainment Fashion People ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://posizionamento-web.it/immobiliare/story.php?title=coach-outlet-10>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://posizionamento-web.it/immobiliare/story.php?title=coach-outlet-10>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Etwefr2rg#Architectural_photographer_enjoys_revival_at_97>
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=1994916#post1994916>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=1994916#post1994916>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Ai Weiwei endured  immense pressure  in detention  source" )]

##  Ai Weiwei endured immense pressure in detention source

BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei, whose disappearance in
April caused an international outcry, endured intense psychological pressure
during 81 days in secretive detention and still faces the threat of prison for
alleged subversion, a source familiar with the events told Reuters.

In the first broad account of Ai's treatment in detention since he was
released in June, the source,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/
"http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), who declined to be identified fearing
retribution, said the 54-year-old artist was interrogated more than 50 times
by police, while he was held in two secret locations.

The questioning focused on his purported role in the planned Arab-inspired
"Jasmine Revolution" protests in China in February and his writings that could
constitute subversion, said the source.

That account runs counter to the Chinese government's repeated statements that
Ai's detention was based on alleged economic crimes.

"What you're doing is illegal," Ai told police officers at one point,
according to the source. "They said: 'Do you know before Liu Shaoqi died, he
was holding the constitution...Talk about illegality, there's no difference
between the country that we are in now and the time of the Cultural
Revolution."

Liu, a former president, was purged and died in prison during the 1966-76
Cultural Revolution when paramount leader Mao Zedong turned against his
comrades in the name of radical upheaval.

In the second location, where Ai was held for 67 days, the artist famed for
his work on the "Bird's Nest" Olympic Stadium in Beijing,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), was watched over by two police
officers for 24 hours a day, with their faces often inches from his, watching
his every movement even while his slept.

Ai had to ask the police officers for permission to drink water and use the
toilet. He was not allowed to speak and was watched over by the officers even
while he slept. They demanded that he put his hands on top of the blanket, the
source said.

"It was immense psychological pressure," the source said.

Under the conditions of Ai's release, he is not allowed to be interviewed by
journalists, meet with foreigners, use the Internet and interact with human
rights advocates for a year from his release, the source said.

Despite this, the burly artist, with flecks of grey in his distinctive beard,
has spoken out on his Twitter account for detained dissidents and his
associates who had disappeared during the time that he did but have since been
released.

During his detention, Ai was fed well and allowed long walks, the source said.

Ai has long been an outspoken government critic, and for a long time, many
believed Ai had been somewhat protected by his fame and by being the son of a
famed Communist poet,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), Ai Qing.

But when Ai was taken from the airport by plainclothes officers on April 3,
they covered his head with a black hood, put him in a car and drove him to a
secluded location,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), the source said.

Ai was told that he was being put under "residential surveillance." He asked
whether he could have access to a lawyer or whether his family knew of his
whereabouts, and police officers told him that could take up to six months.

While he was held, the source said,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), Ai was asked whether he knew
who the organisers of the "Jasmine" protests were. Ai denied all knowledge,
the source said.

Police officers discussed the contents of his blog and Twitter account, "line
by line," the source said.

He was told he could face 10 years in prison for "inciting subversion to state
power" -- a broad charge that China often uses to punish dissidents.

On the day he was released, police officers told him he "could still be
sentenced to 10 years," the source said, adding that Ai had to sign a contract
stating that he would agree to the terms of his release before he could be
released.

"OBSCENE PERSON"

Ai's detention ignited an outcry from many Western governments about China's
tightening grip on dissent that started in February, when dozens of rights
activists and dissidents were detained and arrested.

The artist was the most internationally well-known of those detained, and his
family has repeatedly said he was targeted by authorities for his outspoken
criticism of censorship and Communist Party controls.

During the nearly three months of detention, his family and friends said his
whereabouts were unknown. Ai met his wife Lu Qing once at a time when rumors
circulated that he was being tortured.

When Ai was released on bail in late June, the Chinese government said he
remained under investigation for suspicion of economic crimes, including tax
evasion. Ai told Reuters earlier that he has not received a formal notice from
the authorities to explain the charge of "suspected economic crimes."

Police officers told Ai "you criticised the government, so we are going to let
all society know that you're an obscene person, you evaded taxes, you have two
wives, we want to shame you. We'll not use politics to deal with you," the
source said.

The source said Ai told them "no one is going to believe you," but officers
told him "everyone will believe us, tax evasion is a very serious crime in
many countries."

Despite the intimidation, Ai is unlikely to leave the country for good, the
source said. He had confirmed earlier to Reuters that he had accepted a
visiting teaching post at the Berlin University of the Arts and that he would
like to go to Germany, if given permission by the authorities.
[ID:nLDE76C14I].

Ai will not abandon his once prominent role as a free speech advocate, the
source said. On Tuesday, Ai tweeted that if people do not speak out for
dissidents Wang Lihong and Ran Yunfei, they do "not stand for fairness and
justice...and have no self-respect."

On Monday, he tweeted about the conditions of four associates who had been
detained at the same time as Ai,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), saying "they innocently suffered
immense mental devastation and physical torment."

(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Ken Wills and Jonathan Thatcher)

Entertainment Fashion World People Arts GermanyRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.eritreaconnect.com/blogs/abc322>
  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Etwefr2rg#Conan_Doyle_estate_approves_new_Holmes_story>
  * &lt;a href="<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-outlet-5138>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-outlet-5138>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Barnes wins Booker Prize he once named  posh bingo" )]

##  Barnes wins Booker Prize he once named posh bingo

LONDON (Reuters) - English author and bookmakers' favorite Julian Barnes
finally won the Man Booker Prize for fiction on Tuesday, despite once
dismissing the coveted award as "posh bingo."

The 65-year-old triumphed with "The Sense of an Ending," which at 150 pages
was described by one review as a "novella."

It was his fourth time on the Booker shortlist -- Barnes was previously
nominated for "Flaubert's Parrot" in 1984, "England, England" in 1998 and
"Arthur and George" in 2005.

Stella Rimington,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), a former British spy chief who chaired
the panel of judges this year, told reporters, "We thought that it was a book
which, though short, was incredibly concentrated, and crammed into this very
short space a great deal of information you don't get out of a first reading.

"It's one of these books,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-
sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), a very readable
book,[Louis Vuitton Factory Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), if I may use that word, but
readable not only once but twice and even three times."

Ion Trewin, administrator of the prize, said it was not the shortest work to
win the Booker. That honor goes to Penelope Fitzgerald's "Offshore" which came
in at 132 pages in 1979.

Barnes, who has been critical of the prize in the past, said he was relieved
to have won at the fourth attempt.

In his acceptance speech at a glitzy awards ceremony in London's medieval
Guildhall, he likened himself to Argentinean writer Jorge Luis Borges,
considered one of the greatest authors never to have won the Nobel Prize in
Literature.

"Borges, when asked, as he continually was, why he had never won the Nobel
Prize, always used to reply that 'In Sweden there was a small cottage industry
solely devoted to not giving Borges the Nobel Prize'.

"And at times over the last years, in occasional moments of mild paranoia, I
wondered whether there wasn't perhaps some similar sister organization
operating over here.

"So I am as much relieved as I am delighted to receive the 2011 Booker Prize."

SALES BOOST EXPECTED

Barnes received a check for 50,000 pounds ($80,000),[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), a flurry of media attention and,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), perhaps most importantly, a major
boost in sales.

"Writers it tends to drive mad with hope and lust and greed and expectation,"
he told reporters after receiving the award.

"I was saying that the best way to stay sane is to treat it as if it's posh
bingo. That is ... until you win it, when you realize that the judges are the
wisest heads in literary Christendom."

Rimington and her judges came under fire in recent weeks for stressing the
importance of "readability" when judging the winner, a term interpreted by
some as dumbing down one of English-language fiction's top accolades.

Writers from the Commonwealth, Ireland and Zimbabwe are eligible.

The sniping in the narrow world of British "literati" even led to a rival
award being set up to champion what its backers said was a more high-brow
approach to writing.

Rimington defended her stance, arguing that entertainment and literary
criticism were not mutually exclusive.

"We were not talking about only readability as some of you seem to have
thought," she told reporters.

"We were talking about readability and quality. You can have more than one
adjective when you are talking about books."

Asked whether she had been bothered by the media debate in the run-up to the
announcement, she replied:

"I've had a long life in various different careers, and I've been through many
crises of one kind or another (against) which this one pales, I must say."

The Sense of an Ending, published by Random House, tells the story of Tony,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), a
seemingly ordinary man who discovers that his memories are not as reliable as
he thought.

This year Barnes was up against Carol Birch for "Jamrach's Menagerie,"
Canadian authors Patrick deWitt and Esi Edugyan for "The Sisters Brothers" and
"Half Blood Blues" respectively, and debut British novelists Stephen Kelman
("Pigeon English") and A.D. Miller ("Snowdrops").

(Editing by Paul Casciato)

Entertainment Fashion People ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Etwefr2rg#Forgotten_Mark_Twain_play_makes_Broadway_debut>
  * &lt;a href="<http://atozscan.com/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-9>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://atozscan.com/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-9>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefy5rg#Broadway.27s_Spidey_turns_two.2C_breaks_house_record>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Matisse bronze could fetch $35 million at auction" )]

##  Matisse bronze could fetch $35 million at auction

NEW YORK (Reuters) - A life-size bronze sculpture by Henri Matisse, which has
never been sold at auction, is expected to be the star of the autumn art sales
and could fetch up to $35 million, art experts said.

Matisse's "Back IV (Nu de Dos, 4eme etat)," circa 1930 is being sold at
Christie's on November 3 by a private European collector, whom the auction
house declined to name.

But Christie's said the owner recognizes the tremendous market opportunity for
modern sculpture at this time.

"Conceived on an epic scale, Back IV is a powerfully reductive expression of
the human form that stands as a milestone in the evolution of modernist
style," said Conor Jordan,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), the head of Impressionist and Modern
Art for Christie's Americas.

Another life-size sculpture, Alberto Giacometti's "Walking Man I," briefly
became the most expensive work ever auctioned in February when it sold for
more than $104 million.

Another Giacometti and a sculpture by Amedeo Modigliani each sold for more
than $50 million this year.

Christie's is expected to announce the Matisse sale publicly this week.

The Matisse work is the last of a series of four sculptures that Jordan
described as Matisse's most ambitious project, which the artist worked on for
more than 20 years.

Twelve bronzes were produced of each piece in the series.

"As our upcoming sale represents the first time that any of the Back
sculptures has ever been offered at auction, we expect tremendous enthusiasm
from collectors around the world who will recognize this superb bronze as one
of the most important sculptural achievements of the 20th century,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" )," he explained.

Apart from its rarity, intense interest in the sale is expected following the
enthusiastic response to the "Matisse: Radical Invention" exhibit at the
Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) which is ending soon.

All four of its "Back" sculptures were moved from MOMA's sculpture garden to
its galleries, where they were among the show's focal points.

In May Christie's sold the most expensive work ever auctioned, Pablo Picasso's
"Nude, green leaves and bust" which fetched $106.5 million -- just days after
a landmark Picasso exhibition opened at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

"We have witnessed great strength at the top end of the market,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), particularly where superlative
examples of modern sculpture are involved,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" )," said Marc Porter,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), chairman of Christie's Americas.

Among the 12 "Back IV" works produced, all but two are in museum collections
including MOMA,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), London's Tate Modern and the Pompidou
Center in Paris.

ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-factory-outlet-1>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-factory-outlet-1>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg#Nazi_looted_relics_returned_to_former_owner.27s_heirs>
  * &lt;a href="<http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/37243>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/37243>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
Green Auction nets $2 million for environment" )]

##  Green Auction nets $2 million for environment

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Art collectors, environmentalists and celebrities packed
the salesroom at Christie's on Thursday, the 40th Anniversary of Earth Day,
and spent nearly $2 million at the Green Auction benefiting the environment.

A round of golf with former President Bill Clinton, a painting by Damien
Hirst, a Girard-Perregaux white gold and diamond watch and 18 other lots drew
spirited bidding from anonymous buyers as well as stars such as Salma Hayek
and Chevy Chase, who served as emcee.

Edward Dolman,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-
outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), chief executive of
Christie's International,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), called the event "a wonderfully
appropriate way to celebrate Earth Day," adding that the response had been
breathtaking.

"I like to think that we are one of the first to get seriously into
recycling," he quipped in reference to the 244-year-old auction house's
history of selling and reselling art and other fine collectibles.

Proceeds from the live auction,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), a
companion silent online sale and related fund-raising events collectively
known as "A Bid to Save the Earth" will be divided among the non-profit
environmental groups Natural Resources Defense Council, the Central Park
Conservancy, Oceana and Conservation International.

Other stars on hand included Sam Waterston and Ted Danson, along with newsmen
Brian Williams and Matt Lauer, and Candice Bergen, who donated a tour of
Central Park with the actress followed by lunch.

A few items, including a trip to Botswana for six guided by National
Geographic's editor in chief, went as high as $150,000, while spirited bidding
drove the price for golfing with Clinton to $80,000. Bids totaled just over
$1.5 million.

The silent auction (www.abidtosavetheearth.org) has drawn bids well in excess
of $500,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/
"http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ),000 and could top $1 million or
more by May 6, when it finishes.

Up for grabs are tennis lessons with John McEnroe, dinner and theater with
actress Sigourney Weaver and a day on the set with Australian actor Hugh
Jackman. A behind-the-scenes tour with Simon Doonen of Manhattan department
store Barneys' legendary holiday window displays, along with lunch and a
$5,000 gift card, has soared to $37,500.

With participation from quarters as far-reaching as Deutsche Bank,[Gucci
Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), NBC
Universal and retailers Target and Barneys, officials said the Green Auction
reflected increasing understanding that business concerns are closely tied to
environmental issues, and that the two need not be opposing forces.

Christie's waived all fees and commissions for the sale, and in a green nod
did not print a catalog. And the event's "red carpet" was not red -- it was
green.

"The Green Auction is a call to action," Dolman said before the auction.

Paddle raises,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), in which bidders made donations ranging
from $5,000 to $50,000 to one of the environmental groups, took in another
half million dollars, while cellphone users were encouraged to text GOGREEN to
phone number 20222 to make a $10 donation.

(Editing by Mohammad Zargham)

Arts EnvironmentRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.ebnalneel.com/blogs/viewstory/7764>
  * <http://wearticles.com/my_articles/>
  * &lt;a href="<http://sma3kerinci.3owl.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/13201>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://sma3kerinci.3owl.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/13201>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Sotheby's to sell modern collection in Amsterdam" )]

##  Sotheby's to sell modern collection in Amsterdam

LONDON (Reuters) - Sotheby's will offer more than 160 works of post-war and
contemporary art from the Peter Stuyvesant Collection which it expects will
raise 4-5 million euros ($5.5-$6.8 million).,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" )

The collection was started by Alexander Orlow,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), who in 1960 invited 13 artists from 13
European countries to create paintings for the production hall at the Turmac
Tobacco Company in the Netherlands as a way of brightening up the workplace.

He specified that the works should be large in scale and with vivid colors and
shapes to fit in with his theme of "joie de vivre." He noted that productivity
actually increased after their installation.

The March 8 sale in Amsterdam includes artists who fetched new auction records
at a recent sale in London,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), and Sotheby's is hoping that
demand is as strong next week.

Featuring in the auction will be Gunther Uecker and Jan Schoonhoven,[Louis
Vuitton Factory Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), two of the stars of Sotheby's
contemporary art sale last month.

An Uecker work fetched $1.3 million, more than five times its pre-sale
estimate, and another by Schoonhoven raised $1.2 million,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ),
about four times expectations.

The auction helped launch their names on the international art market, which
has seen a strong revival after the downturn caused by the global financial
crisis and recession.

The works on offer in Amsterdam are the property of British American Tobacco
The Netherlands and form the largest collection of post-war and contemporary
art ever to come to auction in the country.

They are the latest corporate art collection to go under the hammer at
Sotheby's. The auctioneer recently set a world auction record when a
Giacometti statue sold for $104.3 million in London after the work was offered
to the market by Commerzbank.

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), Editing by Paul Casciato)

ArtsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Etwefe5rg#Bruce_Lee.2C_Nelson_Mandela_coming_to_Broadway>
  * <http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Etwefy1rg#Counter_Space__exhibit__Seeking_utopia_in_the_kitchen>
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.skillworksforum.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1027755>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.skillworksforum.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1027755>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=10 "Edit section:
UOB chairman is Singapore's richest man-Forbes Asia" )]

##  UOB chairman is Singapore's richest man-Forbes Asia

SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The chairman of United Overseas Bank (UOBH.SI), Wee Cho
Yaw,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), is the richest individual in
Singapore with a fortune of $4.2 billion, an increase of $600 million compared
with last year,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), according to the latest rich list
published by Forbes Asia.

In March, Wee was ranked 268th on a Forbes list of the world's wealthiest
individuals, although that may have changed due to volatile markets.

But Wee ranks third on the Singapore list, in which family fortunes were
calculated,[Gucci Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), Forbes said. He comes after the
families of the late Ng Teng Fong, a property tycoon, and the late Khoo Teck
Puat, who sold a huge stake in Standard Chartered Bank (STAN.L) to state
investor Temasek.

The Ng family remains at the top with $8.9 billion, higher by $1.1 billion
than a year earlier. Their two biggest property holdings are privately held
Far East Organisation and Hong Kong-listed Tsim Sha Tsui Properties (0247.HK).

Second on the list is the Khoo family with $6.7 billion, an increase of $800
million from a year ago. In 2006, they sold their stake in Standard Chartered
Bank for around $4 billion,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), but they retain a stake in the
Goodwood Group of Hotels.

After UOB's Wee comes New Zealander Richard Chandler with a fortune estimated
at $4 billion from his emerging markets-focused investment group.

Singapore's 40 richest are now collectively worth $54.4 billion, up by 19
percent compared with last year,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), despite a slowing economy and
weak stock market, Forbes said.

There are 13 billionaires on this year's list, compared with 11 last year. Sam
Goi, a 62-year-old food tycoon who built his fortune from making spring roll
skins, debuted at No. 12 with a net worth of $1.2 billion.

To compile the list,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), public fortunes were calculated using
share prices and exchange rates as of July 12. For privately held assets,
Forbes Asia estimated their worth if they were made public.

This year, a minimum net worth of $210 million was needed to qualify for the
list, up from $190 million previously.

The top 10 richest in Singapore are:

1) Ng Family; real estate; $8.9 billion

2) Khoo Family; banking; $6.7 billion

3) Wee Cho Yaw; banking; $4.2 billion

4) Richard Chandler; investments; $4 billion

5) Kwee Brothers; real estate; $3.9 billion

6) Kuok Khoon Hong; palm oil; $3.5 billion

7) Ong Beng Seng &amp; Christina Ong; diversified; $1.9 billion

8) Peter Lim; investments; $1.8 billion

9) Kwek Leng Beng; diversified; $1.7 billion

10) Lee Seng Wee; banking; $1.4 billion

(Reporting by Eveline Danubrata; editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://socialaftermarket.com/blogs/viewstory/48653>
  * <http://frorld.com/blogs/viewstory/67137>
  * <http://realwritersrooms.com/node/5#comment-92>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=11 "Edit section:
Diet Etiquette for the Holidays" )]

##  Diet Etiquette for the Holidays

SEATTLE (Reuters) - Dining with others really is not about the food. It's
about the people - and the relationships - around the table. That's true
whether the table is bearing celery sticks or a 7-course dinner. Sharing
sustenance is a gesture of companionship and generosity.

Holidays push this concept to the max, when rich, calorific avalanches seem to
accompany good wishes everywhere you turn. Your co-worker is begging you to
try her special cookies. Your buddy is pushing a seasonal splurge of Chocolate
Thunder. Your hostess unfurls a buffet that has kept her in the kitchen for a
month.

The good news: You can honour these gestures, enjoy the season,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), and hang on to your healthy ways. How? Like so
many things, it starts with your attitude.

The Power of the Positive

So much holiday "dining advice" is negative: what we can't do, shouldn't eat,
mustn't drink at all costs. The net result is that we spend our energy and
attention on these Don't Wants and - of course - end up thinking of little
else.

This year, try something else. Focus on what you want, not on what you want to
avoid. You want to: Feel good about yourself - today and after January first.
Be kind to your body and general health. Achieve your goals. Celebrate with
friends and have fun.

And yet, if you take a woe-is-dieting-me attitude into the season, you will -
believe me - fall short on every count. You will have no fun, be no fun and -
worse - may even seem judgmental about your non-dieting friends and hosts.

Meanwhile, the self-pity won't help your weight goals one whit.

The Vision

Party smart. The basics:

Never go to a party hungry.

Eat an apple,[Gucci Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), a piece of cheese or some nuts and
drink a full glass of water before you head out.

Watch your alcohol.

I stopped drinking alcohol at parties a long time ago, when I realized it
clouded my thinking and sullied my healthy resolve. It's easy to substitute
sparkling water or a soft drink. If you wish, you always can toast your
success back home later.

Exercise or take a brisk walk around the block before the event. It will curb
your appetite, ease your stress,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), and
clear your head.

The Plan

You're on,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/" )!

It's a dinner at your boss' house. The menu is baked brie in puff pastry, beef
Wellington and chocolate mousse. Heart attack on a plate. If you've done your
homework and had your pre-party snack, hunger won't be gnawing at your good
judgment.

Thus, you can nibble at your food, choosing the healthiest items in small
portions, and sort of move the rest around on your plate to make it look like
you've done the meal justice.

This is not the moment to announce that you don't eat dead animals - or, for
various other reasons, anything else on your plate. It's not fair or kind to
rain on anybody else's parade by bringing up your virtuous diet.

Instead, focus on being a charming, upbeat guest. That's what will get you a
repeat invitation - not whether you've cleaned your plate! Thank your hostess
sincerely for the delicious meal, whether or not you ate much. Mounting a
dinner party requires time, effort, and expense. Honour that.

East Side, West Side

It's easier to navigate the shoals of dieting in restaurants where you have
choices. But again, focus on the Wants rather than the Won'ts.

That might sound like, "I'd love the salmon grilled dry, a baked potato, and
green salad with oil and vinegar, please." "I'd love a white wine spritzer."
Or,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), I'd love those wonderful mixed
berries with whipped cream on the side, please." And "Why don't you pass this
basket of rolls down where the others can enjoy them?" is a whole lot more
palatable than "No, no, a thousand times, no!"

Convey that you are embracing life's pleasures - not robbing yourself of them.
Sometimes it's most gracious to avoid the word "no" altogether.

When declining something, try: "I think I'll pass on that tonight, thanks." By
your statement, you have not passed any judgment on the indulgence or the
indulgers. It's just that you choose not to partake tonight. (Your tablemates
don't need to know that the very thought of it makes you queasy."

...All Around the Town

Once the season is in full swing, you won't be able to walk 20 feet without
encountering a tray of cookies, a bowl of candy, or other tempting treats.

A simple, sincere "Oh, they look lovely, but I'll pass for now" should
suffice. If someone absolutely insists you try Aunt Gert's fruitcake,[Gucci
Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ),
graciously accept a small slice "for later" and discard it when you're gone.

Graceful Living

You don't have to choose between your healthy habits and good manners this
season - or any time. Keep your spirit sparkling, your conversation warm and
generous - and your opinions on yours and everyone else's diets to yourself.
That should give you plenty to chew on!

(Mary Mitchell has written several books on the subject of etiquette,
including "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Etiquette" and "Class Acts." She is
also the founder of executive training consultancy The Mitchell Organization
with the website www.themitchell.org. The opinions expressed are her own.)

(Edited by Paul Casciato)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Etwefm8rg#Mary_Poppins__top_nominee_for_NY_theater_awards>
  * &lt;a href="<http://thatshowimakeit.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1399483>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://thatshowimakeit.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1399483>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://freunde.com.br/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/108564>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://freunde.com.br/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/108564>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=12 "Edit section:
Italian museum defies pope over crucified frog" )]

##  Italian museum defies pope over crucified frog

ROME (Reuters) - An Italian museum on Thursday defied Pope Benedict and
refused to remove a modern art sculpture portraying a crucified green frog
holding a beer mug and an egg that the Vatican had condemned as blasphemous.

The board of the Museion museum in the northern city of Bolzano decided by a
majority vote that the frog was a work of art and would stay in place for the
remainder of an exhibition.

The wooden sculpture by the late German artist Martin Kippenberger depicts a
frog about 1 meter 30 cm (4 feet) high nailed to brown cross and holding a
beer mug in one outstretched hand and an egg in another.

Called "Zuerst die Fuesse," (Feet First), it wears a green loin cloth and is
nailed through the hands and the feet in the manner of Jesus Christ. Its green
tongue hangs out of its mouth.

Kippenberger's works have been shown at the Tate Modern and the Saatchi
Gallery in London and at the Venice Biennale, and retrospectives are planned
in Los Angeles and New York.

Museum officials said the artist,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), who died in 1997,[Louis Vuitton
Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), considered it a self-portrait illustrating
human angst.

Pope Benedict, who is German himself and was recently on holiday not far from
Bolzano,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), did not agree.

The Vatican wrote a letter of support in the pope's name to Franz Pahl,
president of the regional government who opposed the sculpture. Pahl released
parts of the letter, which said the work "wounds the religious sentiments of
so many people who see in the cross the symbol of God's love".

Pahl,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), whose province is heavily Catholic,
was so outraged by the sculpture of the pop-eyed amphibian that he went on a
hunger strike to demand its removal and had to be taken to hospital during the
summer.

"Surely this is not a work of art but a blasphemy and a disgusting piece of
trash that upsets many people,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" )," Pahl told Reuters by telephone.

"This decision to keep the statue there is totally unacceptable. It is a grave
offence to our Catholic population," he said.

Museum president Alois Lageder told Reuters the decision to keep the statue on
display was made in order to "safeguard the autonomy of art institutions".

The board vote was 6-3 in favor. Art experts defended the work.

"Art must always be free and the artist should not have any restrictions on
freedom of expression," Claudio Strinati, a superintendent for Rome's state
museums, told an Italian newspaper on Thursday.

But Italy's culture minister,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), Sandro Bondi, said museums that
receive state funds should not "exalt artworks of desecration, of useless
provocation and of nonsense".

(Editing by Angus MacSwan)

World Arts LifestyleRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://croydon.cog7.org.uk/forum/oil-could-hit-200-300-if-turmoil-saudi-yamani>
  * &lt;a href="<http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/37239>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/37239>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://allsoft.netii.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/15541>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://allsoft.netii.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/15541>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=13 "Edit section:
Strauss-Kahn case twist turns prospects upside-down" )]

##  Strauss-Kahn case twist turns prospects upside-down

PARIS (Reuters) - News that the sex assault case against Dominique Strauss-
Kahn could collapse hit France like a thunderbolt on Friday, raising prospects
of a return to French politics, though probably not to the 2012 presidential
race.

Socialists, who saw Strauss-Kahn as their best chance of winning power after
years in opposition until his arrest in May, rejoiced at news that prosecutors
in New York now doubt the credibility of the hotel maid who alleged he tried
to rape her.

The dramatic twist revived anger among his French supporters over the way the
former IMF chief was paraded handcuffed and unshaven by U.S. justice
authorities,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ), and locked up in the notorious Rikers
Island prison, before he had had a chance to defend himself.

But others in France said that even if his name were cleared, too much damage
may have been done to Strauss-Kahn's reputation for him to be electable,
although he could return gradually to politics and take a lesser post in
government.

Two sources close to the case said the credibility of the hotel maid,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), a 32-year-old immigrant from the
West African state of Guinea, was now in question. The New York Times said the
prosecution case was on the verge of collapse.

"This is wonderful for Dominique (and) for his family. It's like the end of a
nightmare. In any case, I have always been convinced he was not guilty," said
Jean-Marie Le Guen, a Socialist deputy and close ally of Strauss-Kahn's.

"I think he will be a key player in politics in the months ahead,[Louis
Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), that people will expect him to
contribute and that he will have a considerable weight."

Strauss-Kahn, under house arrest in New York, will go back to court on Friday,
with prosecutors now discussing whether to drop the serious felony charges
against him.

They may still seek to make him plead guilty to a lesser misdemeanour, with
questions remaining over whether any sexual encounter was consensual or
forced.

"Many things still count against him, including the calendar. It will take
weeks or months to perfect his defence," Christophe Barbier, a political
commentator and editor of L'Express weekly, told LCI television.

"Even if what he did was not criminal,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), all
this is going to take time. There is everything we have learned about him, the
damage to his reputation. All this makes the idea he could be a candidate very
hypothetical, it's science fiction."

MUCK-RAKING DEBATE

Strauss-Kahn's arrest in May sent shockwaves through France, instantly dashing
the former finance minister's chances of challenging President Nicolas Sarkozy
in the April election.

The affair set off a muck-raking debate over his private life and the French
media's practice of hushing up sexual misconduct by politicians.

It also sparked anger over the way U.S. law allowed the Frenchman to be
paraded before TV cameras in a "perp walk", a practice unknown in France,
meaning a backlash is now likely against a perceived rush to judgment in the
U.S. media.

"When you are victim of a media campaign for three weeks and described in the
way Dominique Strauss-Kahn has been,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), you
don't emerge unscathed," said Francois Pupponi, Socialist mayor of the Paris
suburb of Sarcelles, where Strauss-Kahn was once mayor.

Jean-Louis Borloo, a former energy minister expected to run as a centrist
candidate in 2012 after falling out with Sarkozy last year, said it was
conceivable Strauss-Kahn could now run.

"If things go as one would imagine and the charges are withdrawn ... what
would prevent him coming back if he has the desire and energy to?" he told
i&gt;Tele television.

Candidates for the April 22 election can declare themselves up until a few
weeks beforehand,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), but contenders for the Socialist
primary must register by July 13, with left-wing voters due to pick the
party's contestant in October.

Michele Sabban, a Socialist politician close to Strauss-Kahn, told i&lt;Tele
TV the party should suspend its primary contest to give Strauss-Kahn the time
to enter.

"With the worldwide humiliation he's been through, I think it would be worth
waiting," he said. "I hope as much effort will go into clearing his name as it
did in destroying it." (Reporting by Marie Maitre, Jean-Baptiste Vey and
Elizabeth Pineau; editing by Paul Taylor/Janet McBride)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://froya-hitra.no/blogs/entry/Flat-result-at-NY-season-s-first-art-auction>
  * &lt;a href="<http://frendseven.us.pn/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/19078>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://frendseven.us.pn/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/19078>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://galas.club.lc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/5943>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://galas.club.lc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/5943>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=14 "Edit section:
Bodies found from London's old Bedlam hospital" )]

##  Bodies found from London's old Bedlam hospital

LONDON (Reuters) - Archaeologists have unearthed hundreds of skeletons at a
16th Century burial ground in the heart of the city that once served London's
most notorious psychiatric hospital, the original "Bedlam".

The bones are expected to yield valuable information about mortality, diet and
disease in the period.

They were discovered while experts surveyed a site that is destined to become
a new ticket hall for the capital's huge Crossrail project at Liverpool Street
Station.

Opened in 1247, the Bethlehem Royal Hospital began admitting the mentally ill
in the 14th Century,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), eventually becoming known by its
middle-English abbreviation Bedlam.

The name became synonymous with disorder and confusion and struck fear into
the heart of Londoners. The horror of its conditions, were immortalised in a
painting by William Hogarth in 1735.

The picture is the last in a series of eight depicting "A Rake's Progress" --
a moral tale of a spendthrift young heir who squanders his money on drink,
prostitutes and gambling.

He is eventually thrown into the old Fleet Prison close to the River Thames
and ends up in Bedlam.

The burial ground was used from 1569 to the mid 19th century for Bedlam's
patients and local residents when other cemeteries became overcrowded.

Jay Carver,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ), lead archaeologist for the huge Crossrail
project which bisects the old city of London,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), said the well-preserved bodies
were discovered after trial pits were dug.

"We've identified at least 100 individual burials within our small trial pit
and, extrapolating that, it is very likely there will be several hundred if
not a thousand plus..," he told Reuters.

The corpses, many found just 1.5 metres (5 ft) below street level, will be
studied by experts at the museum of London, before being reburied.

"It's interesting on the archaeological side because the 16th century is a
time of immense poverty really in the outer areas of the city of London. Sites
of this type haven't always been fully investigated," Carver said.

The team also uncovered pottery fragments, clay pipes, animal bone
artefacts,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), including knife handles, and, as
yet, unidentified implements in association with the burials.

Towards the end of the 17th Century, the hospital moved to Moorfields in north
London, now the site of Finsbury Circus.

Despite the new buildings with their well-kept gardens,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), the
treatment of the mentally ill did not greatly improve -- in the 18th Century,
the public could visit Bedlam to stare at the patients for the price of one
penny.

That practice died out long ago but the institution, now called the Bethlem
Royal Hospital, still exists,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http
://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), in Bromley, southeast of London.

(Editing by Steve Addison)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://gracefriends.com/blogs/posts/etwefq9rg>
  * &lt;a href="<http://uupv.info/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-94>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://uupv.info/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-94>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/233354>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=15 "Edit section:
Shanghai eatery pairs food, wine, light, sound" )]

##  Shanghai eatery pairs food, wine, light, sound

SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Dinner at the Shanghai restaurant "Ultraviolet" starts at
7:30 p.m., after the guests have been driven to the windowless venue from
another meeting spot by two vans.

Once they're seated, giant projections of red brick walls appear and start to
shift upwards quickly, creating the illusion that the entire room is sinking.
This is followed by the sound of cracking stone, a starry sky, lit purple
candles,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), and the ringing of a church bell.

Only then do waiters appear to serve the appetizer: a frozen wasabi-flavoured
apple juice ball.

Housed in a former warehouse in central Shanghai, the restaurant, the
brainchild of French-born Paul Pairet, serves a 22-course banquet that aims to
stimulate all five senses to just ten guests a night.

"I want a single table that I can master. Once you control every
element,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), from time,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), food to atmosphere, you make
your own opera," said Pairet, who runs another high-ranked eatery in China's
commercial hub. "Food is the lead."

Each course is served with a tailored set of visuals, sound and smell. Guests
enjoy steamed lobsters as images of crashing waves are projected onto the
walls, the refreshing smell of ocean sprayed from the diffusers and the sound
of waves played through the speakers.

The restaurant, which opened in May, is a long-term dream for Pairet, who at
the age of 18 decided to make a business out of one or the other of his
hobbies, photography or cooking.

The former science student was fascinated by what he saw in his first cooking
class in the southwestern city of Toulouse. A teacher showed them three
glasses of water, each with sliced or whole carrots inside - and began to
explain the phenomenon of diffusion and other biochemical reactions with
cooking.

"That was very impressive, especially to people with scientific background,"
said Pairet, sipping an espresso. "To cook, I need to understand what I am
doing."

After graduating, Pairet first drew attention at Cafe Mosaic in Paris. Over
ten years, he travelled to Hong Kong,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ),
Sydney, and Istanbul, finally settling in Shanghai in 2005 to open "Jade on
36," a restaurant in the Shangri-La hotel.

There, guests order from four sets of menus, each of three different sizes,
depending on how hungry they are.

Pairet soon found guests had difficulty making orders and particularly in
pairing dishes with wine. He felt it would be good to use a table d'hÃ´te, the
serving tradition where the host decides the menu and guests all eat the same
thing.

"Forget about choosing (the food),[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
)," he said. "We pair food together with drinks, either wine or non-alcoholic
beverages. To maintain a balance of all 22 dishes... all the drinks need to be
balanced too."

PSYCHO TASTE

In late 2009, he spent 6 months looking for a place to launch his dream
restaurant, then laid out $2.5 million to renovate the space.

He paired each course with a beverage - mostly wine,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), sometimes sherry, beer and
Chinese tea - and a scenario which he boasted could stimulate the customer's
"psycho-taste".

"Then we work on the settings. It can be as simple as the light or a
combination of image projections and scents," he said.

The current meal follows the lobster with truffle-topped bread accompanied by
scenery of a forest and a scent called "Autumn Soil". The main course of sea
bass is served with the images of colourful tropical fish swimming around the
room.

The experience does not come cheaply at 2,000 yuan a guest, but most seatings
are booked through the end of September - something Pairet attributes partly
to Shanghai's willingness to accept new ideas.

Does the multi-sensory experience really add to the food?

"Do you want to read the book of comments (from guests)?" Pairet said. "If I
tell you everything they have told me, I would appear pretentious." (Reporting
By Shanghai Newsroom, editing by Elaine Lies)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefy5rg>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa3rg#Warhol_painting_among_.242.8_million_Irish_bad_bank_auction>
  * <http://jejaringsosial.lampungtimurkab.go.id/blogs/viewstory/25328>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=16 "Edit section:
Egypt's unrest blights 2011 tourism revenue" )]

##  Egypt's unrest blights 2011 tourism revenue

CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's vital tourism industry,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), crippled by political turmoil,
will suffer a 25 percent drop in revenue in 2011 and will need until September
to get back on track, the tourism minister said in an interview on Thursday.

An 18-day popular uprising that forced out President Hosni Mubarak saw much of
Egypt's economy grind to a halt and slashed tourism revenue for February by
more than half.

March figures fell by 60 percent from last year, Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour
said.

With its pharaonic antiquities and year-round warm beaches, Egypt relies on
tourism as its top foreign currency earner, source of over a tenth of gross
domestic product. It provides one in eight jobs in a country beset by high
unemployment.

"Our revenues of 2010 were $12.5 billion, we should be 25 percent below that
in 2011," Abdel Nour told Reuters, but said it could be pushed even lower.

"Egypt is in transition,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), at the end of the day, and any
transition path could be bumpy," he said.

The turmoil that scared tourists away and prompted overseas warnings against
visiting Egypt has abated. Tourists are dribbling back and most of the
warnings have been lifted.

But hotel occupancy rates in the key Red Sea resorts of Hurghada and Sharm el-
Sheikh, remain below 40 percent, Abdel Nour said.

"Until today, we have not recouped the normal pace of tourism in Egypt. That
was expected and it is understandable. But we expect to be back on track by
September."

Egypt is launching a global advertising campaign, pressing for the lifting of
remaining travel bans and offering incentives to cut charter flight fees, the
minister said.

STABILITY

The tourism ministry is working with young Egyptians who have launched an
"Egypt is Safe" campaign, and is counting on bringing visitors to Cairo's
Tahrir Square, the epicentre of protests, as an attraction.

"Tahrir square has become a target for tourists to visit,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), it
has become a popular destination," Abdel Nour said, adding that social media
were also being used to bring back tourists.

Google Inc (GOOG.O), whose executive Wael Ghonim played a key role in Egypt's
uprising, wanted to coordinate a marketing campaign with Egyptian tourism
authorities and would help with selling airline tickets online, he said.

Egypt has coped with a number of tourism scares in recent years. In 1997,
gunmen killed 58 tourists and four Egyptians at an ancient temple near the
southern town of Luxor,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), severely damaging tourism.

From 2004 to 2006, there were a series of deadly bomb attacks at Red Sea
resorts in the Sinai, but tourist bookings swiftly recovered.

Recovering from the political turmoil this time will be much more challenging
and take more time, Abdel Nour said.

"The name of the game is peace and stability and until the tourist is
convinced that security is restored to the country, we will not be able to
recoup what we have lost,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http
://store-coachoutlet.com/" )," he said.

"We are doing whatever we can to inform the world that security is prevailing,
that hotels and Egyptians are waiting to receive tourists,[coach outlet
online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" )," Abdel Nour said. "And with this effort, I expect the last
quarter of the year to be excellent." (Editing by Barry Moody, Ron Askew)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://ranchidirectory.com/blogs/viewstory/65899>
  * <http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/238339>
  * <http://pingq8.com/blogs/posts/etwefh4rg>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=17 "Edit section:
Egypt uprising art brightens Cairo, tempts buyers" )]

##  Egypt uprising art brightens Cairo, tempts buyers

CAIRO (Reuters) - A flowering of Egyptian art since the overthrow of Hosni
Mubarak is adding colour to the capital Cairo and an upswing in business at
the city's galleries, as the pride, anger and optimism of a long-frustrated
generation plays out on canvas.

Politically-inspired photography, graphic design and graffiti sprayed or
stencilled on walls, fences, bridges and fly-overs have flourished since the
18-day uprising toppled the autocratic leader.

Across Cairo, faces of protesters killed during the uprising are immortalized
on concrete, fists are shown breaking free from ropes and ancient mummies
scream "I am free!".

Much of the street art reflects pride in the movement that united Egyptians
across class and religion to put an end to decades of calcified politics and a
gaping rich-poor divide.

In Nasr City, a beautiful woman is spray-painted on a fence surrounding a plot
of disused land, her dress in the flowing colours of Egypt's red, white and
black national flag. Further west in Mohandiseen, an imam and a priest are
shown standing hand in hand on the side of one building.

Elsewhere it is darker, angrier. One image painted on a disused building shows
a man writhing in chains wrapped tight around his body.

Other graffiti shows anger towards Mubarak and his family -- the former leader
is depicted scowling arrogantly or with his head in a noose -- or anxiety at
whether Egypt's military rulers really want to deliver the country to
democratic civilian rule.

An army officer sketched on a wall in a busy street asks passers-by "man
antum?" (who are you?), an allusion to Muammar Gaddafi's disdainful question
aimed at Libyan rebels, implying that the military council holds Egyptians in
similar contempt.

"ENORMOUS INTEREST"

Some art dealers say the movement is grabbing the attention of collectors at
home and abroad.

"There's an enormous interest and push for the graffiti artists, for the
illustrators, for the new comic books that are coming out," said William
Wells, Director of Cairo's Townhouse Gallery. "At the moment, foreigners are
coming through the city constantly looking for them."

Mona Said, owner of Safar Khan gallery, said she received strong interest in
her first "To Egypt with Love" exhibition at the gallery in March. The
exhibition displayed photography and graphic artwork inspired by the uprising.

"I sold four times what I expected to sell,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
)," said Said. "I shipped all over the world."

Hossam Hassan,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), who combines photography, digital
design and painting, depicted protesters in Cairo's Tahrir Square at Safar
Khan's gallery.

He said the beige background of his canvases reflects a decaying feeling on
the eve of the uprising.

"Everything was cloudy, beige, colourless, tasteless before the revolution.
These people came with their energy and injected this red, orange, yellow
energy into Egypt," he said, pointing to the splashes of colour on the
paintings.

Hassan says his work on the uprising will be exhibited in European capitals
including Vienna and London this year and will appear next year in a Paris
exhibition commemorating the first day of the uprising,[coach outlet
online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" ), January 25.

FEARS OF CENSORSHIP

Other artists hope their depictions of the revolution will promote social
causes they say were neglected under Mubarak, who is on trial accused of
authorising the use of live ammunition to shoot protesters, of corruption and
abuse of power.

Hanan el-Nahrawy, a deaf-mute artist who has produced surrealistic oil and ink
images of Mubarak, said -- through her son who interprets for her -- that she
wants to spread awareness for deaf-mutes who received little care under the
former leader.

"Mubarak did not like the disabled, whatever their disability," said Nahrawy.
"In the days of (previous president) Anwar al-Sadat, there was more attention
to the disabled."

One of Nahrawy's canvases depicts the Nile flowing through Mubarak's face, its
delta branching off in vein-like lines on his forehead. A small fist carrying
tear-shaped nooses is painted on one of his cheeks,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), while small images of people
carrying Egypt's flag chip away at the other.

"These are the protesters trying to find out what's hidden, how much he
owns,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" )," said Nahrawy. "The veins are like the
reverberations of an earthquake. The revolution shook Mubarak."

Another of Nahrawy's works shows the Nile passing through an image that
combines Mubarak's face with that of Hussein Salem,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), a close confidant of the former
president charged with squandering public funds. Dollar signs fill the
background.

Inspiration from the country's political upheaval is mixed with fears of
political censorship by Egypt's army, which has ruled since Mubarak's
overthrow on February 11. Rights groups worry over the army's use of military
trials in cases where civilians criticised its actions.

Many artists are concerned that religious conservatives now vying for power
may try to exert pressure that will curb freedom of expression.

"We've moved into a situation that's a little bit disturbing with the army now
adopting similar tactics in terms of censorship that we had prior to February
11," said Wells.

Hassan said the diversity of religion and culture that has inspired artists in
Egypt is under threat from strict Islamist groups such as the Salafists.

"This is not right for Egypt. We'll go back to where we were before the
revolution and worse," said Hassan.

"The beauty of Egypt is its diversity. I get very upset when Islamists or
Salafists say 'Egypt is Islamist, it has to be this' ... the depth and
strength of Egypt is that it's Coptic (Christian), Pharoanic, Muslim, modern
and old."

(Editing by Tom Pfeiffer and Sonya Hepinstall)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.waysone.com/blogs/entry/Paris-bouquinistes-face-clampdown-over-souvenirs>
  * <http://tradeforextoday.net/blogs/viewstory/20381>
  * &lt;a href="<http://occupy.gooboome.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/50895>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://occupy.gooboome.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/50895>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=18 "Edit section:
Four US airports to test expedited screening plan" )]

##  Four US airports to test expedited screening plan

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. authorities will begin allowing some frequent
fliers this fall to participate in a pilot program for expedited screening at
four hub airports,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), the Transportation Security
Administration said on Thursday.

Frequent fliers with Delta Air Lines (DAL.N) and AMR Corp's American Airlines
AMR.N as well as anyone enrolled in the Customs and Border Protection agency's
Trusted Traveler programs could qualify to go through expedited screening in
Atlanta,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), Detroit, Miami and Dallas-Fort Worth.

The TSA has been under pressure to tailor airport security screening to focus
on higher risks, particularly after complaints that young children and the
elderly are being unnecessarily scrutinized.

The complaints also follow the introduction of physical patdowns for
passengers who refuse to go through new full-body scanners or set off such
detectors.

"Enhancing identity-based screening is another common sense step in the right
direction as we continue to strengthen overall security and improve the
passenger experience whenever possible," TSA Administrator John Pistole said
in a statement.

Officials said the program would start sometime in the fall but did not say
how long it would run.

Authorities and airlines would review a traveller's information before they
would be eligible for the pilot program. Of the 1.8 million who go through
checkpoints daily,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), some 5,[coach outlet
online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" ),000 to 8,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ),000 U.S. citizens a day could get
such screening.

Pistole has said previously that expedited screening could permit a traveler
to keep his or her shoes on and also not be required to take a laptop out of
the bag for X-ray.

Passengers who are part of the pilot still may be subjected to regular
screening procedures in a bid to ensure randomness,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), according to TSA. The agency
said also it hoped to expand the program to other U.S. air carriers and
airports later (Reporting and writing by Jeremy Pelofsky; Editing by Bill
Trott)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://makarondu.nazuka.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/23004>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://makarondu.nazuka.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/23004>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefy5rg#China_slams_art_magazine_for_honoring_Ai_Weiwei>
  * <http://sabahpinoy.com/blogs/posts/etwefy3rg>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=19 "Edit section:
Art market buzzes ahead of Basel, London sales" )]

##  Art market buzzes ahead of Basel, London sales

LONDON (Reuters) - Billions of dollars of art will be on show in Basel at the
annual fair this week and in London ahead of a big series of sales, with
experts cautiously optimistic that buyers are set to snap up rare treasures.

Art Basel, described as the world's top fair for modern and contemporary
works, opens on Wednesday with 300 galleries displaying works with a combined
total worth of around $1.75 billion,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), according to specialist insurer
Hiscox.

"We didn't do a calculation last year, but my guess is that this year is up
about 15 percent (on 2010)," said Hiscox fine art specialist Robert Read.

He added that the mood in the market was generally confident, with the sharp
contraction in global sales in 2009 already a fading memory.

"I think we're further away from the bad news," he told Reuters. "People
forget things so quickly. Buying art is fun and sexy, and people were never
going to give it up forever,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/" ), were they?"

Once the wheeling and dealing in Basel is done by its close on June 19, the
focus shifts to London where rivals Christie's and Sotheby's hold sales where
the strength or otherwise of the market will be more visible.

Christie's described its upcoming season as "one of the company's richest and
most exciting,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" )," and expects to raise more than 250 million
pounds ($410 million) over four weeks.

The company has opened an exhibition in London this week of more than 100
works to be offered to super-rich collectors and investors, including a
drawing by Michelangelo and paintings by George Stubbs, Claude Monet and Pablo
Picasso.

Also on display will be a sculpture by Dutch artist Adriaen de Vries
discovered during a routine Christie's valuation at a European castle and
expected to fetch 5-8 million pounds.

Christie's starts its main sales of the season on June 21 with an
impressionist and modern art evening sale.

CHINESE BUBBLE?

Sotheby's expects its equivalent series to raise in excess of around 215
million pounds, including what it said could be a record auction price for
Austrian artist Egon Schiele, whose cityscape goes under the hammer on June
22.

The painting is being sold by the Leopold Museum and is estimated to be worth
up to 30 million pounds ($50 million) which would comfortably surpass the
current Schiele record of $22.4 million.

A Venetian view by Francesco Guardi has been valued at around 20 million
pounds and is the highlight of the Old Masters sale on July 6.

Experts said the art market has yet to regain the giddy heights of the boom
that preceded the 2009 slump,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ), although Chinese art has soared in
value as wealthy new buyers compete for the top lots.

Recent examples include the $65 million paid last month for a work by Qi
Baishi and the $69 million price tag on a Chinese vase dated from the
1740s,[polo ralph lauren outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), 40 times its estimate, at a sale
in London in November.

Chinese collectors have also branched out into Western art and could be a
major factor in the market over the coming month, although some analysts have
warned of the risk of an unsustainable art rush developing.

Vikram Mansharamani, a lecturer at Yale University, recently drew comparisons
between China's influence on the art market and that of Japan in the late
1980s and early 1990s, when buyers there smashed auction records only for the
boom to turn to bust.

"It reflects a national overconfidence that has been a consistent ingredient
in financial bubbles,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" )," he wrote.

"Prudent investors would take great pride in selling at world record prices.
Wanting to buy at world record prices is a spectacular reflection of hubris in
action."

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White; Editing by Steve Addison)

Entertainment Fashion Arts Lifestyle Related Quotes and News Company Price
Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://fantasticc.site90.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/6876>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://fantasticc.site90.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/6876>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://lis490it.sunahsuh.com/node/7#comment-5729>
  * &lt;a href="<http://posizionamento-web.it/immobiliare/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-120>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://posizionamento-web.it/immobiliare/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-120>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=20 "Edit section:
U.S. bidder snags William and Kate Pez for $13,000" )]

##  U.S. bidder snags William and Kate Pez for $13,000

VIENNA (Reuters) - A fan from Connecticut has paid 8,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ),200
pounds ($13,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ),360) to win a charity auction of PEZ
sweets dispensers in the likeness of Britain's Prince William and his fiancee
Kate Middleton ahead of this month's royal wedding.

PEZ,[burberry outlet online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), the Austrian company whose candy
dispensers are known around the world, said on Monday it will donate the money
to the Starlight Children's Foundation, which cheers up seriously ill children
and their families by granting wishes and organizing hospital events.

A spokeswoman said the company chose that charity because Middleton and her
family supported it.

She gave no more details about the winning bidder other than to say his or her
user profile was Frank841950.

The winning bid,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), one of 33 submitted,[Louis
Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), falls short of the record $32,000
paid for an Astronaut B model Pez dispenser in 2006.

(Reporting by Michael Shields,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/
"http://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), editing by Paul Casciato)

U.S. People Arts LifestyleRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://lozelektro.site11.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33908>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://lozelektro.site11.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33908>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://www.silverfraction.com/node/254693>
  * <http://batamkomputer.btm.web.id/blogs/viewstory/3520>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=21 "Edit section:
Air travellers want more self-service, study finds" )]

##  Air travellers want more self-service, study finds

GENEVA (Reuters) - International airline passengers want self-service extended
from online booking and kiosk check-in to security and passport control and
boarding their flights, an industry report said on Wednesday.

The report,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), based on surveys taken at seven
major airports on five continents, said most travellers also want more
automation for handing in baggage and paying excess fees,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), reporting missing luggage and switching flights.

The surveys found that on-line booking and check-in have well overtaken the
traditional methods of visiting an airline office or travel agent and
collecting boarding passes from registration desks at the airport.

"People just want more self-service at every step of their journey," said
Quentin Browell, spokesman for the airline industry's leading information
technology supplier SITA which issues the report annually.

The report said an average of 71 percent of passengers surveyed at the seven
hubs had booked in online or at automated airport kiosks for their flights,
and many more would be ready to do so if they understood the process better.

But checking in on mobile phones was much less common, with only 3 percent of
those questioned on the day of the survey having used the method.

The Geneva-based SITA recorded a sharp growth in passengers using airline
websites to book hotels -- up from 21 percent of those surveyed in 2009 to 38
percent this year -- and to rent cars -- up from 19 to 35 percent.

There were similar increases in use of carriers' websites for other services
like buying travel insurance,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http
://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), bus and train tickets and for ordering duty-free
items in advance,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), SITA said.

The surveys were carried out on a single day among what SITA said was a
representative sample of the millions of travellers using the seven airports
-- Atlanta, Beijing,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ), Frankfurt, Johannesburg-Tambo, Mumbai,
Moscow Domodedovo and Sao Paulo.

The report did not identify exactly how passengers saw automation working in
security and passport control,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), or in baggage check-in, but methods of
easing these processes are understood to be under study at SITA.

The survey also found that travellers in North America and Asia were
increasingly willing to pay a small extra fee to offset the carbon footprint
of their flight.

Some 44 percent of those questioned at Mumbai already did so, 35 percent at
Beijing and 27 percent at Atlanta said they already did so, according to SITA.
But at Frankfurt, one of Europe's largest hubs, the figure was only 6 percent.

Business Traveler Aerospace &amp; DefenseRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=gucci-bags-12>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=gucci-bags-12>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://righteousbikers.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=68866>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://righteousbikers.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=68866>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://ranchidirectory.com/blogs/viewstory/65899>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=22 "Edit section:
Exhibitions  Ancient Egypt's Book of the Dead in London show" )]

##  Exhibitions Ancient Egypt's Book of the Dead in London show

LONDON (Reuters) - The delicate details of the afterlife written down on
papyrus by the ancient Egyptians have been unfurled in public at a British
Museum show in London.

"Journey Through the Afterlife: Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead" explores in
more detail than ever before the complex theology laid out in the Book of the
Dead, an illustrated guide to death and negotiating the perils of the
underworld.

The British Museum has gathered together an unrivalled collection of these
papyri, many of which have never been on show, not least because they are so
delicate.

The exhibition winds through the museum's circular Reading Room in
chronological order, from the moment of death to burial,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ),
judgement, and finally paradise.

"The main aim really is to give people a deeper understanding of ancient
Egyptian beliefs about life after death and to throw more light on their hopes
and fears," exhibition curator John Taylor told Reuters.

Mummification -- long the focus of popular Egyptology -- was only the first
step on the path to eternal life.

"This exhibition is really meant to be the next stage: what happens after
that; after you've been mummified and put in your tomb? What happens to your
spirit? We're trying to tell that story," Taylor said.

BEYOND THE GRAVE

Once buried, the dead's spirit left the tomb to begin its journey through an
underworld fraught with danger.

The Book of the Dead contained spells to help the spirit through this
spiritual obstacle course by enabling it to eat, breathe and ward off
cockroaches, amongst other things.

Without the right spells for protection, the dead might be attacked by snakes
and crocodiles, or worse yet, die again.

The final hurdle was the weighing of the heart, when the deceased's heart was
placed on a scale with the Feather of Truth as counter-weight.

If clean from sin,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), the heart would balance the feather,
guaranteeing entry to paradise: the Field of Reeds. If not, the deceased was
tossed to a hideous creature called The Devourer.

These trials are documented in the world's longest Book of the Dead -- the
Greenfield Papyrus -- all 37 metres of which are on display at the British
Museum for the very first time.

ANCIENT EGYPTIAN HUMOUR

With their solemn masks and sharp profiles,[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
), the ancient Egyptians are not known for levity and wit, but a satirical
papyrus in the exhibition offers a rare insight into ancient Egyptian humour
with a menagerie of animals pictured seated on chairs around a table, playing
'senet', an Egyptian board game.

"They seemed to like the idea of mocking human behaviour by showing animals in
the role of humans," said Taylor,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), noting a similarity with today's
caricatures.

As well as papyri, the exhibition also includes coffins, amulets,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), tomb figurines,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), gilded masks and mummy effects, with
loans from museums in Paris, Boston and Leiden.

The exhibition is the first of three British Museum shows to examine death and
spirituality through the ages. An exhibition next year on devotion in Medieval
Europe will be followed in 2012 by one about the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca,
the haj.

"Journey Through the Afterlife: Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead" is on at
the British Museum until March 6.

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/238339>
  * <http://pluswide.comule.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/19203>
  * <http://share-community.online.gp/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/49255>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=23 "Edit section:
Lufthansa cuts 2011 outlook after weak August" )]

##  Lufthansa cuts 2011 outlook after weak August

FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German airline Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) no longer expects to
improve on last year's operating profit after its passenger airlines unit had
a weaker than expected August.,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/" )

"As viewed currently,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), the target of a further increase on the
previous year's figure no longer appears to be achievable," the company said
in a brief statement on Tuesday.

Lufthansa generated an operating profit of 876 million euros last year.

Analysts on average had been expecting profit of 1.042 billion euros for
2011,[gucci outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), according to Thomson Reuters Starmine,
which gives greater weight to top-rated analysts. Estimates had ranged from
856 million euros to 1.07 billion.

Lufthansa's shares were down 6 percent at 10.12 euros at 1036 GMT,[louis
vuitton outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), making them the biggest decliner on
Germany's blue-chip DAX index .GDAXI.

"In past remarks, the company has prepared the market for such a move. Still,
a profit warning never is a good thing," a trader said.

The passenger airlines unit includes Lufthansa,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), Austrian Airlines,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), bmi, Germanwings and Swiss
airlines.

Bmi has been hurt particularly hard by the loss of business in the Middle East
and North Africa following uprisings in the region this year and reported a 9
percent drop in sales for August.

Lufthansa said it had therefore adjusted its booking trend expectations and
would further reduce scheduled capacities on its winter timetable.

The company said in July it was scaling back its plans to increase capacity
this winter after soaring fuel costs led to lower than expected profits in the
first six months of the year.

Industry body IATA earlier on Tuesday forecast a 29 percent fall in 2012
industry-wide profit on the back of a weak global economy and stubbornly high
jet fuel prices.

(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Additional reporting by Christoph Steitz;
Editing by Helen Massy-Beresford)

Business Traveler Aerospace &amp; Defense Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://sabahpinoy.com/blogs/posts/etwefy3rg>
  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Etwefc0rg#Radioactive_iodine_from_Japan_found_in_Russia>
  * <http://hoihoi.netne.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/38259>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=24 "Edit section:
Top 10 fishing destinations" )]

##  Top 10 fishing destinations

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Immerse yourself in Scotland by reeling in salmon, or
bundle up in Newfoundland for an outing to catch yellowtail and mackerel.

Whether your preference is cod or bluefin, Cape Town or Cabo, online travel
advisers Cheapflights.com (www.cheapflights.com) offers its top 10 fishing
destinations.

Reuters has not endorsed this list:

1\. Sutherland, Scotland

From a boat or from the shore, fishing is a brilliant way to enjoy Scotland.
Even though the outdoor sport isn't allowed on Sundays at the Kyle of
Sutherland, there are six other days of the week to take advantage of the
bounty that this majestic landscape has to offer.

The area is famous for its supply of salmon, and brown and sea trout. Handy
for novices,[gucci outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), the Kyle of Sutherland Angling
Association has produced a booklet to help fishermen figure out where to go to
reel in the best fish around. A permit for a day of sea trout fishing costs
visitors only 8. The view of Scotland's rolling hills, though, is priceless.

2\. Phuket, Thailand

Deep sea fishing is a must if you find yourself on Thailand's southern beach
haven, Phuket. The clear, blue waters of the Andaman Sea set the scene for
some of the best fishing in the world.

Cast your line and wait for tuna, swordfish, blue and black marlin, and other
impressive sea creatures to bite. A strict catch-and-release policy means you
won't be dining on your accomplishments, but a photo for Facebook on
Thailand's west coast may do instead.

3\. Florida Keys, United States

Set your iPod to Jimmy Buffett's "Margaritaville," pour yourself an
appropriately-mixed beverage, and spend a day relaxing on South Florida's
turquoise seas.

There you'll find the Marquesas Keys, located off of Key West's west coast -
an ideal spot for fishing. The marine sanctuary law ensures an abundance of
wildlife, where you'll catch shark and barracuda. There's a very remote feel
because a lot of charters aren't willing to make the trip because of high fuel
prices.

Find a charter that's willing to go the extra mile, literally, for quite
possibly the most unforgettable fishing trip of your life.

4\. Cape Town, South Africa

Visitors flock to Africa's southernmost city for culture that's brimming with
excitement. Fishermen flock for its coastline, brimming with tuna.

The area has some of the richest tuna grounds in the world and also some of
the globe's toughest fighting fish. A diverse ecosystem guarantees you'll see
albatross,[louis vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/
"http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/" ), killer whales and dolphins galore. Tuna
season lasts from September to June,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), but there are opportunities to throw your net
year round.

5\. Sicily, Italy

Fishing is synonymous with Sicily and,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), unfortunately, its fish population
has started dwindling as a result. But you can't go to the Italian isle and
not try spearfishing. You physically dive into the water and spear the fish -
with a spear.

Patience is of the essence, as the underwater creatures are both quick and
cunning, so stick to shallow waters.

6\. Cabo San Lucas, Mexico

Appropriately nicknamed the "Marlin Capital of the World," Cabo San Lucas in
Mexico is a place to bring your highest-quality camera. There's nothing like
capturing your family's Christmas card on the beaches of Mexico's most
abundant shoreline - with a massive marlin on display.

More than 3,000 species of marine life live off the Baja Peninsula - and
marlin rule the seas. Some of the most well regarded yacht charters around,
like the Picante Bluewater Sportfishing fleet, take eager novices out daily,
year round.

7\. Montauk Point, New York, United States

Montauk Point, a glacial cliff on the east coast of Long Island, provides a
fishing retreat for New Yorkers, Philadelphians, Bostonians - and everyone in
between. Thankfully charter groups that take you out come equipped with
experienced captains who know what they're doing.

Bring the family to reel in tuna, striped bass and shark that swim the eastern
shore of the United States. Remember to bring a cooler: your finest catches
can serve as dinner after a sun-filled day on the high seas.

8\. Newfoundland, Canada

The tastiest fish in the world, from Arctic char to rainbow trout to cod, live
off the coast of Newfoundland on Canada's east coast. Stay inland along
Newfoundland's Flowers River if salmon piques your interest. But for saltwater
species, like yellowtail and mackerel, head east to the blistery coast.

The area, between its mountainous terrain and serene surroundings, is an ideal
spot to bait your hook, sit back and relax. Until you get your first bite, of
course.

9\. Puget Sound,[authentic gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), Washington, United States

For a day trip from Seattle, try nearby Puget Sound. The waters are calm and
it's easy to relax - perfect for the stressed out workaholic who just wants to
get away from it all.

Turn off your cell phone, cast your line,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), and sit back while the salmon
comes to you. Your view of Mount Rainer and the Olympic Mountains will be
worth the trip. Fishing is popular in the area, so there's no shortage of
charters to take you out. Sign up ahead of time, and then go with the flow.

10\. Victoria, Australia

Imagine your boat rocking back and forth as roaring waves push it farther and
farther away from shore. You've got your fishing lines in tow and you're ready
to catch something big.

Powerful and wild waves are no strangers to Bass Strait. The strait, which
separates Tasmania from Victoria, has a reputation for being rough. But you
need to get out there if you hope to see sharks -- great hammerheads, gummy,
school and spurred dog sharks -- off of Australia's coast.

(Edited by Paul Casciato)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Etwefc0rg#Indian_artist_has_brush_with_his_fakes>
  * <http://www.german-fishing-network.com/blogs/posts/etwefo3rg>
  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Etwefh5rg#Contemporary_artist_Mike_Kelley_found_dead>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=25 "Edit section:
Accor says targeted buys may boost Indian expansion" )]

##  Accor says targeted buys may boost Indian expansion

PARIS (Reuters) - Acquisitions might be a way for hotels group Accor to
accelerate its expansion in India,[burberry outlet
online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), where it wants to open 90 hotels
by the end of 2015 and overtake market leader Carlson, the French firm said on
Thursday.

Chief Executive Denis Hennequin told Accor's annual shareholders' meeting he
was confident about 2012 prospects despite an uncertain economic climate in
Europe after achieving strong growth in Asia and Latin America in the first
quarter.

Accor (ACCP.PA) has 15 hotels in India, where it has been expanding mostly
through joint ventures with local partners.

"Ninety hotels in India is an ambitious but realistic goal and we may look
into making targeted acquisitions to accelerate our development," Hennequin
said.

Last month,[louis vuitton outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), Accor, the world's fourth-largest
hotel group behind InterContinental (IHG.L),[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), Marriott
(MAR.N) and Starwood (HOT.N),[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
), said that it expected a recovery in hotel demand to continue in the second
quarter as it posted 4.5 percent like-for-like growth in first-quarter
revenue.

Some analysts worry that Accor,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), which makes 70 percent of its operating
profit in Europe, is more exposed than peers to a region where the business
climate might be tougher this year.

"We have growth prospects not just in Europe but worldwide,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
)," Hennequin said on Thursday. "Asia and Latin America continued to grow
double-digit at the start of the year. There is a recovery in the U.S ... We
can expect 2012 to be in line with our commitments."

With operations in 90 countries ranging from the luxury Sofitel chain to the
budget Ibis and Motel 6 operations, Accor has a market capitalisation of 5.7
billion euros.

(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Greg Mahlich)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://deaf-tv.eu/blogs/posts/etwefs4rg>
  * <http://mbadge.com/blogs/entry/Schiele-cityscape-tipped-to-fetch-record-price>
  * <http://www.schoolyardonline.com/blogs/entry/France-says-Rio-Paris-black-box-data-intact>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=26 "Edit section:
InterContinental to return $1 bln from hotel sales" )]

##  InterContinental to return $1 bln from hotel sales

LONDON (Reuters) - InterContinental Hotels, the world's biggest hotelier,
cheered investors by promising to return $1 billion to them funded from the
planned sale of a New York hotel and added its flagship London Park Lane hotel
is set to be next on the block.

The British-based group, home to the Crowne Plaza, Holiday Inn as well as
InterContinental brands, said it will pay a special dividend in the fourth
quarter costing $500 million, and also kick off a $500 million share buyback
in the same three months.

Chief Executive Richard Solomons said the return of capital reflected the
planned sale of its New York Barclay hotel, which analysts expect to fetch
around $300 million, as the group reported a 6 percent rise in half-year
profits boosted by good trading in its two biggest markets, the United States
and China.

The hotelier's strategy to sell hotel assets in return for management
contracts is similar to U.S. peers like Marriott (MAR.N), and has helped
return $8.9 billion, including $1.2 of ordinary dividends,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), since the
group's formation in 2003.

The capital return helped boost its shares up 6.5 percent to 1,727 pence by
0933 GMT to be the biggest riser in the FTSE 100 index .FTSE in a largely flat
London stock market.

The group (IHG.L) only owns 10 of its 4,500-plus hotels worldwide with a book
value of $1.6 billion, with most of that value being in its flagship hotels in
New York,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), London, Paris and Hong Kong which are all
expected to be eventually sold.

The year-long sale process of the New York Barclay should be closed in the
next few months, Solomons said, and talks are under way with one exclusive
buyer,[burberry outlet online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" ), which analysts say is likely to
be the Qatari hotel owner Ghanim Bin Saad Al Saad.

Solomons said that once the group opens its second InterContinental in London
in the first quarter of 2013 then it is likely to sell its Park Lane hotel in
return for a management contract. Analysts estimate its value at over $330
million.

He added this was consistent with the group's "asset light" strategy and
returning funds to shareholders while still maintaining the group's BBB
investment grade credit rating.

"Interest will come from high net worth and sovereign wealth money from the
Middle East, Russia and possibly south-east Asia," said Robert Seabrook, head
of hotel transactions at property consultant Savills (SVS.L).

"It's one down from the likes of the Dorchester but is at the bottom of
arguably the best hotel street in London," he said.

CONTINUED GROWTH

Solomons said the group reported growth in the half year across all regions,
and both hotel occupancy and room rates increased and, despite a tough
economic environment, the group was trading well and continued to see growth
for the future.

"There might be a little bit of a slowdown in July but that is for one-off
factors and for the medium time, the outlook is good," said Solomons. He added
one-off factors included the U.S. July 4 independence day falling in mid-week,
and by the end of July growth rates were back running similar to the half
year.

Growth in half year global revenue per available room (RevPAR),[authentic
gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), a key industry measure, grew 6.5
percent with the United States and China ahead 7.2 percent and 9.7 percent,
respectively. In July, global growth slowed by 3.8 percent.

The Olympic Games had seen the group's 51 London hotels full,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), but the effect was "financially
neutral" as games guests replaced regular London visitors, Solomons said.

The hotelier, which operates more than 660,[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
),000 rooms in over 4,500 hotels worldwide, posted a 6 percent rise in half-
year operating profit to $286 million, in line with an average forecast of
$285 million in a company-compiled consensus.

Revenue increased 3 percent to $878 million.

The half-year dividend rose 31 percent to 21 U.S. cents following a decision
to rebalance its interim towards one third of the total for the year.

Results from rival hoteliers such as Marriott and Starwood (HOT.N) have shown
signs of a steady industry recovery despite some weakness in euro zone crisis
hit southern European nations and some slower growth in China .

Solomons added he was confident the group had complied with all competition
laws after Britain's consumer watchdog, the Office of Fair Trading, accused
the hotelier of price fixing with two major online travel agents to restrict
discounts that could be offered for hotel rooms . (Additional reporting by Tom
Bill; Reporting by David Jones; Editing by Mike Nesbit)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://mind2tests.tmaze.net/blogs/entry/RIM-now-faces-legal-challenge-on-BBM-trademark>
  * <http://fantasticmusical.com.my/blogs/viewstory/11433>
  * <http://freunde.com.br/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/113297>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=27 "Edit section:
Carlson, Rezidor to operate hotels under one name" )]

##  Carlson, Rezidor to operate hotels under one name

n"&gt;(Reuters) - U.S. hotel,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), restaurant and travel group Carlson
and Rezidor Hotel Group (REZT.ST) of Brussels are joining their hotel
operations under one name in a bid to boost revenue and compete better
globally.

The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group will develop the Radisson, Country Inns &amp;
Suites, and other hotel brands, manage commercial activities and have a global
sales force. The group includes more than 1,300 hotels across 80 countries.

"We're building a global platform across the two companies for the hotel
business," Hubert Joly, Carlson president and chief executive,[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
), said in an interview on Wednesday.

"The name change eliminates any ambiguity for the business partners,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), makes it very clear that they are dealing with one group," Joly said.

The companies are looking to raise more than $400 million in additional hotel
revenue by 2015 and bolster revenue per available room through projects such
as partnerships with travel agencies and expansion of the Club Carlson loyalty
program.

Joly said a key priority of the partnership would be to expand the upscale
Radisson Blu hotel brand. The group's rivals include InterContinental Hotels
Group (IHG.L),[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), Starwood Hotels and Resorts (HOT.N) and
Hilton.

Minneapolis-based Carlson, which also operates TGI Friday's restaurants and
the Carlson Wagonlit Travel agency, is majority shareholder of Rezidor. The
relationship between the two companies dates back to 1994,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), with the signing of a master
franchise agreement for the Radisson brand in Europe,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), Middle
East and Africa. Subsequent agreements have expanded Rezidor's franchise
rights.

"We probably have not exploited the synergies we could have exploited over the
years," said Kurt Ritter, president and CEO of Rezidor.

A new website, www.carlsonrezidor.com, will debut February 1.

(Reporting By Karen Jacobs)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://campirana.com.mx/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/44313>
  * <http://atozscan.com/story.php?title=coachoutlet-2>
  * <http://pudgi.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/132117>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=28 "Edit section:
German firm starts selling space travel insurance" )]

##  German firm starts selling space travel insurance

FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A German firm is to start offering space travel
insurance,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), hoping to cash in on a new wave of 'ordinary
astronauts' ahead of next year's first commercial space trips.

Insurance giant Allianz will start offering its new space travel policies from
the start of next year to coincide with the launch of Virgin Galactic,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), the
spaceflight company owned by Richard Branson's Virgin Group.

So far about 450 people have reserved seats for the $200,000, five-minute
trips into 'sub-orbital' space, the point where weightlessness kicks in and
the curvature of the earth and blackness of space can be seen.

Erick Morazin, the Allianz account director in charge of the plans, told
Reuters that the while the prices were still being finalised, the most basic
level of insurance for such trips was likely to start at around $700 and go up
to as much as $10,000.

"We are looking into space tourism as a new market for the next generation of
travellers,[burberry outlet online](http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/
"http://www.burberryoutletonline2012.net/" )," he said.

"Typically the price of an insurance policy is around 3-4 percent of the total
trip cost. So if we were covering the cancellation of a trip,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), the loss incurred by the customer
would be $20,000 -- the price of the deposit -- so the cost of the policy
would be around $700."

Morazin added that Allianz had sketched out around 20 different insurance
packages that add medical, luggage and other forms of cover to the basic
policy. He was wary about giving too many details,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), however, fearing that it could benefit rival insurance firms also looking
to enter the space travel market.

Virgin is not the first firm to offer paying customers trips into space.

One firm, Space Adventures,[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
), has so far sent seven people into space and is currently offering customers
the chance to do space walks and orbit the moon. Boeing Co (BA.N) has also
said it plans to develop passenger spaceships. (for story click )

U.S. plans to scale back NASA's missions is partly driving commercial firms'
current interest in providing space trips.

Following the retirement of the U.S. shuttle fleet, Washington has announced
plans to fund an $850 million investment in commercial passenger spaceships
and in future is expected to pay firms to take its astronauts into space.

(Reporting by Marc Jones, edited by Richard Meares)

Business Traveler Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://righteousbikers.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=68866>
  * <http://bookmarknova.com/story.php?title=polo-ralph-lauren-outlet>
  * <http://sangpelajar.com/blogs/viewstory/250219>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=29 "Edit section:
Thai Airways says unsure of making 2011 net profit" )]

##  Thai Airways says unsure of making 2011 net profit

BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai Airways International Pcl THAI.BK said on Friday it
was unsure whether global economic uncertainty would prevent it from making a
net profit for 2011, but it would go ahead with plans to launch a new regional
carrier and another budget airline.

"The economic concerns in the United States and Europe may slow down air
travel demand, while the impact from fuel costs may not be as bad as earlier
expected," President Piyasvasti Amranand told reporters after a board meeting.

"But we can't say right now that we will make profit for the whole year,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),"
he said,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), citing the volatility of global oil prices.

Fuel costs account for about 40 percent of the airline's total costs.

The national carrier is expected to report a net profit of 6.7 billion baht
for 2011,[louis vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/
"http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/" ), according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

It reported a first-half net loss of 7.26 billion baht, versus a net profit of
11.9 billion baht a year earlier.

The flag carrier planned to start operations of the new regional airline
named, Thai Smile, from July 1, 2012, to tap strong demand for air traffic in
Asia and win back market share in the wake of fierce competition in the
region.

The launch timeframe is four to five months,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), delayed from the previous schedule in
March or April 2012.

Chairman Ampon Kittiampon said the new airline would fly to domestic cities in
the first year of operations before expanding its destinations into Southeast
Asian countries as well as China and India in 2013, when it expected to make
profit.

EXPANSION PLAN

The wholly owned mid-tier carrier will operate with 11 Airbus 320s and cover
journeys with an average flight time of 1-2 hours, Ampon said.

The mid-tier carrier is part of Thai Airways' expansion plan, an effort to
turn itself around after years of losing market share in a region where
swelling middle classes,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), fast economic growth and liberalised
air policies provide opportunities for higher earnings.

Thai Air,[gucci outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), with a market value of $2 billion, is
51 percent owned by Thailand's Finance Ministry and competes with bigger
rivals like Singapore Airlines (SIAL.SI) and Cathay Pacific Airways (0293.HK).

Piyasvasti said the airline also planned to discuss with the new transport
minister to get the go-ahead for the launch of a new budget carrier, Thai
Tiger Airways, its joint venture with Singapore's Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd
(TAHL.SI)

In 2010, Thai Airways formed the alliance with Tiger Airways to operate the
new budget carrier, but the plan has been delayed, pending an approval from
the transport ministry.

Thai Tiger, 51 percent owned by Thai Airways and 49 percent by Tiger, was
originally supposed to have started in late March. Piyasvasti gave no details
about the new launch date.

Thai Airways was still keen to raise its 39 percent stake in budget airline
Nok Air to 49 percent by buying another 10 percent from state-owned Krung Thai
Bank KTB.BK at 33 baht each, the president said.

Shares in Thai Airways slipped 2.7 percent at 0911 GMT, when the broad index
.SETI was 1.9 percent lower.

(Writing by Khettiya Jittapong; Editing by Martin Petty)

Business Traveler Aerospace &amp; Defense Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://pluswide.comule.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/19202>
  * <http://cpnt.tv/forum/index.php?topic=664736.msg806528#msg806528>
  * <http://ouropenmind.com/blogs/viewstory/73275>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=30 "Edit section:
Top 10  ugly  buildings to visit" )]

##  Top 10 ugly buildings to visit

n"&gt;(Reuters) - A recent opinion piece in the New York Times resurrected the
age-old debate about whether ugly buildings deserved preservation if deemed
historically important.

While the staff and travellers at online travel advisers Trippy.com
(www.trippy.com) may be undecided on that issue, they can certainly tell you
which buildings they'd put on the list for consideration. Here are their
choices for the World's Top 10 Ugliest Buildings. Reuters has not endorsed
this list:

1\. J. Edgar Hoover Building (FBI HQ); Washington, D.C.

This is reason alone to avoid the 10 Most Wanted list. Situated in the centre
of the city, this dreary 1970s behemoth is almost unavoidable. Its days may be
numbered as discussions about the department's relocation are rumoured to be
swirling around the capital city.

2\. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum; Cleveland, Ohio

Even the architect was unhappy with this one. Upon the building's completion,
a displeased I.M. Pei admitted himself there's little harmony in these
conflicting shapes.

3\. Sharp Centre for Design; Toronto,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), Canada

Although some call it innovative, there are others who call it intolerable.
While the building's black and white squares combined with pencil-like stilt
supports make it look like a clubhouse for crossword puzzle enthusiasts, this
building is actually part of the Ontario College of Art &amp; Design.

4\. Aoyama Technical College; Shibuya, Japan

Ever wondered what you get when you cross a Transformers figurine, an oil
well, and a curling rock? Now you know. The school's site offers that the
building "represents a new order...through the tolerance of chaos."

5\. Geisel Library; University of California, San Diego, CA

This library is one of the best examples of Brutalist architecture ever built,
and that's not a compliment. Named after Audrey and Theodor Geisel (better
known as Dr. Seuss), we think it would have been a whole lot prettier had its
benefactor also been its architect.

6\. Chang Building ("The Elephant Tower"); Bangkok, Thailand

It's not that we think the design is that bad and we even like the intended
humour. It's the half-hearted execution that turns this potentially fun idea
from attraction to eyesore.

7\. Epi Apartments; Seattle, Washington

We're all for occasional quirkiness,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), but in this case we're not sure how adding a bunch of almost intimidating,
sharp-looking metal shapes onto an otherwise bland building enhances it. The
building's website boldly refers to the structure as "The centre of the centre
of the universe."

8\. Trump Tower; New York City, New York

When it was completed in the early 80s it was considered the signature
building of its time...and that's part of the problem. Downright dull on the
outside,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), dizzyingly gaudy on the inside, this outdated
building is generally only visited by tourists as it is almost universally
avoided by actual New Yorkers.

9\. The Pixel Building; Melbourne, Australia

Yes,[gucci outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), the building is carbon neutral, but how
many Olympic mascot pins had to die to make it? While we love that the
building is self-sufficient (they even collect their own rain water on the
roof), we just wish it were a tad more subtle.

10\. Royal National Theatre; London, U.K.

Yes,[authentic gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), Shakespeare wrote that "All the
world's a stage..." but he might not have had he lived to see 1970s. While we
love the idea of the theatre and the world-class productions mounted
here,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), our feelings don't quite extend to the
actual building.

(Editing by Paul Casciato)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=polo-outlet-10>
  * <http://jejaringsosial.lampungtimurkab.go.id/blogs/viewstory/26186>
  * <http://europeanball.com/blogs/viewstory/195040>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=31 "Edit section:
Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman" )]

##  Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Jimmy Kimmel will go head to head with late-
night talk show hosts Jay Leno and David Letterman when his TV program moves
to the 11:35 pm time slot, sparking a fight for viewers among the three
comedians.

ABC television said on Tuesday that the move from the midnight hour for "Jimmy
Kimmel Live,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," which saw a 3 percent rise in
total viewers last season, means ABC News magazine "Nightline" will shift to
12:35 a.m.

The swap will start January 8. Beginning in March, "Nightline" will get an
extra hour during prime time hours on Friday evenings.

ABC said the move for Kimmel reflected higher ratings for the 44-year-old
comedian,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), as well as increased demand from
advertisers for entertainment programming late at night.

"Given the passionate fan base 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' has built over the past
decade and the show's ratings and creative momentum this season, the time is
right to make this move,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," Anne Sweeney, president of the
Disney/ABC Television Group, said in a statement.

Kimmel is the only late-night talk show host to increase his viewers both
overall and in the 18-49 age group coveted by advertisers. His show attracts
an average of 1.8 million viewers,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), compared with 3.7 million for Leno and 3.1 for
Letterman.

In its current 11:35 pm to midnight slot, "Nightline" is beating both Leno's
"Tonight" show on NBC and Letterman's "The Late Show" on CBS in total
viewers,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), according to Nielsen data.

Kimmel will host the Primetime Emmy Awards in September for the first time,
and in April he was picked to host the White House correspondents annual
dinner.

ABC is a unit of the Walt Disney Co, NBC is majority-owned by Comcast Corp and
CBS is part of CBS Corp.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), Gary Hill)

Entertainment Fashion Television People Media Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Etwefc0rg#Classical_Brits_to_honor_U.S._film_composer_Williams>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg#La_Scala_opens_rehearsals_to_publicize_cuts>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa3rg#Radioactive_particle_traces_from_Japan_reach_Iceland>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=32 "Edit section:
Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman" )]

##  Jimmy Kimmel goes head-to-head with Leno, Letterman

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Jimmy Kimmel will go head to head with late-
night talk show hosts Jay Leno and David Letterman when his TV program moves
to the 11:35 pm time slot,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), sparking a fight for viewers among
the three comedians.

ABC television said on Tuesday that the move from the midnight hour for "Jimmy
Kimmel Live," which saw a 3 percent rise in total viewers last season, means
ABC News magazine "Nightline" will shift to 12:35 a.m.

The swap will start January 8. Beginning in March, "Nightline" will get an
extra hour during prime time hours on Friday evenings.

ABC said the move for Kimmel reflected higher ratings for the 44-year-old
comedian,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/"
), as well as increased demand from advertisers for entertainment programming
late at night.

"Given the passionate fan base 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' has built over the past
decade and the show's ratings and creative momentum this season, the time is
right to make this move," Anne Sweeney,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), president of the Disney/ABC Television Group,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), said in a statement.

Kimmel is the only late-night talk show host to increase his viewers both
overall and in the 18-49 age group coveted by advertisers. His show attracts
an average of 1.8 million viewers, compared with 3.7 million for Leno and 3.1
for Letterman.

In its current 11:35 pm to midnight slot, "Nightline" is beating both Leno's
"Tonight" show on NBC and Letterman's "The Late Show" on CBS in total viewers,
according to Nielsen data.

Kimmel will host the Primetime Emmy Awards in September for the first time,
and in April he was picked to host the White House correspondents annual
dinner.

ABC is a unit of the Walt Disney Co,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), NBC is majority-owned by Comcast
Corp and CBS is part of CBS Corp.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Gary Hill)

Entertainment Fashion Television People Media Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg#Classical_Brits_to_honor_U.S._film_composer_Williams>
  * <http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Etwefe5rg#Jimmy_Kimmel_goes_head-to-head_with_Leno.2C_Letterman>
  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Etwefh5rg#Grammys_go_country_for_nominations_concert>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=33 "Edit section:
Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's" )]

##  Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor Michael J. Fox, who stepped back from full-time
acting in 2000 to focus on fighting Parkinson's disease,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), will star in a new TV comedy
loosely based on his own life suffering from the illness.

NBC television said on Monday it had ordered a full 22 episodes of an untitled
comedy series starring the "Spin City" and "Back to the Future" actor for the
fall of 2013.

The show will feature Fox as a husband and father of three from New York City
dealing with family, career,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), and challenges including the degenerative nervous
system disorder, Parkinson's disease.

"He (Fox) is utterly relatable, optimistic,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), and in a class by himself, and I
have no doubt that the character he will create - and the vivid family
characters surrounding him - will be both instantly recognizable and
hilarious,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" )," NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt said in a
statement.

Fox,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), 51, made his name in the 1980s TV comedy
"Family Ties" and as teen adventurer Marty McFly in the "Back to the Future"
movie franchise.

He later starred in TV political comedy "Spin City," winning multiple acting
awards, but semi-retired from acting in 2000 as his symptoms of Parkinson's
worsened and he focused his efforts on research for a cure.

In recent years, the Canadian actor has done voice-over work for movies like
"Stuart Little" and has guest starred in TV shows like the comedy "Curb Your
Enthusiasm" and legal drama "The Good Wife."

Filming for the new sitcom will begin this year,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), with casting for other roles to be
announced later, NBC said.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte; editing by Carol
Bishopric)

Entertainment Fashion Television MediaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Etwefd3rg#Jimmy_Kimmel_goes_head-to-head_with_Leno.2C_Letterman>
  * <http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Etwefe5rg#Jimmy_Kimmel_goes_head-to-head_with_Leno.2C_Letterman>
  * <http://posizionamento-web.it/immobiliare/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-borse-2>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=34 "Edit section:
Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95" )]

##  Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Phyllis Diller, the former housewife whose
raucous cackle and jokes about her own looks made her one of America's first
female stand-up comedy stars,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), died in her sleep on Monday at
age 95, her longtime manager said.

Diller was found in her bed at her home in the affluent Brentwood section of
Los Angeles by her son, Perry, who had come to visit her, manager Milt Suchin
said.

"She had a smile on her face,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), as you'd expect," Suchin told
Reuters.

Her publicist, Fred Wostbrock, called her "a true pioneer" and "the first lady
of stand-up comedy."

A friend and fellow comic, Joan Rivers,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), said on Monday that Diller cleared a path for a younger generation of
female stand-up artists to trade on their jokes alone.

"Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look
funny in order to be funny," Rivers said in a message posted through Twitter.

Diller created an indelible persona with her distinctive braying laugh, a
cigarette holder, teased hair,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), outlandish costumes and a
fictional lout of a husband she called Fang.

Her act consisted of rapid-fire jokes and one-liners that often spoofed social
pretenses by poking fun at herself ("I went bathing nude on the beach the
other day; it took me 20 minutes to get arrested") as well as a world of
invented characters.

In addition to husband Fang - "What would you call a man with one tooth that
was 2 inches long?" - there was her mother-in-law Moby Dick, her skinny
sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her neighbor Mrs. Clean.

Diller prided herself on keeping her jokes tightly written and boasted that
she held a world record for getting 12 laughs a minute.

A late-bloomer by show business standards, Diller got her start at age
37,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), making her debut
at San Francisco's Purple Onion in 1955 as she broke into the male-dominated
comedy circuit. Her first national exposure came as a contestant on Groucho
Marx's TV quiz show "You Bet Your Life."

At that time Diller was a housewife who had raised five children, as well as a
newspaper columnist, publicist and radio writer.

She discovered a flair for stand-up jokes at school parent-teacher meetings
and similar gatherings and decided to make comedy a career at the urging of
her then-husband, Sherwood Diller. The couple divorced in 1965 and a second
marriage to singer Warde Donovan ended 10 years later.

Diller gradually adopted the props, zany wardrobe and stage persona that would
become her trademark.

FROM HOUSEWIFE TO COMIC

"If I showed you my opening night photo, I looked like the woman next door,"
Diller once said. "And it took me a while to realize that people don't pay to
see the woman next door. They can look at her for nothing."

A series of TV appearances followed and Diller soon became an instantly
recognized star. She made her movie debut in 1961 with a small part in Elia
Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" and played the title role in a 1970 Broadway
production of "Hello Dolly!"

Diller also developed a close friendship with the late comedy great Bob Hope
and co-starred with him in three movies. She was a frequent guest on his
television shows and accompanied him on a Christmas visit to U.S. troops in
Vietnam.

Another contemporary of Diller, stand-up veteran Don Rickles, saluted her as a
"great comedienne" whose "memorable teaming with Bob Hope brought female
comics to the forefront."

Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that Diller was "the queen of the one-liners" and
Whoopi Goldberg called her a "true original."

Diller, who was an accomplished pianist, built a career around lampooning her
looks but she also spent a fortune perfecting them. By her count, she had more
than 20 plastic surgeries.

Diller, who titled her 2005 autobiography "Like a Lampshade in a Whorehouse,"
counted her ability to laugh at herself as one of her greatest comic assets.
In a 2004 interview with Reuters she said she regarded her audiences as her
greatest teacher.

"I let them laugh with me, at me,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), which makes the audience very
comfortable," she said. "I've learned everything from them. ... You're a comic
and you're not a success until you hear laughter."

In later years, she suffered from heart problems and fractured her pelvis in a
fall but continued to work in clubs and on television well into her 80s. She
provided the voice of an insect in the 1998 animated movie "A Bug's Life,
appeared in the 2005 comedy documentary "The Aristocrats" and supplied the
voice of Peter's mother in 2006-2007 episodes of the cartoon TV series "Family
Guy."

Suchin said she made a guest appearance last year on the daytime drama "The
Bold and the Beautiful."

Diller and her first husband had five children. (Additional reporting by Piya
Sinha-Roy; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Trott)

Entertainment Fashion Politics PeopleRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://lifecycle.kimbol.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/365149>
  * <http://studenttrade.ca/ads/san-francisco-flower-power-singer-scott-mckenzie/>
  * <http://www.legendstudio.org/component/blog/comments?pid=11509>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=35 "Edit section:
Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott" )]

##  Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Investigators sought clues on Monday to what prompted
British-born filmmaker Tony Scott to take his own life in Los Angeles, while
much of Hollywood focused on an unconfirmed news report that he was suffering
from brain cancer.

Scott, director of such blockbuster films as "Top Gun" and "Beverly Hills Cop
II,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," jumped to his death on Sunday
from a suspension bridge over Los Angeles Harbor, leaving behind a suicide
note in his office and a list in his car of people to contact, the Los Angeles
County Coroner's Office said.

Medical examiners were scheduled on Monday to perform an autopsy on Scott's
body, which was recovered from the harbor nearly three hours after he jumped
in, Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said.

Results of the exam will likely be kept confidential until toxicology and
other tests are completed,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), he said.

Winter said he could not confirm an ABC News report that said the filmmaker,
the younger brother of fellow director and three-time Oscar nominee Ridley
Scott, had inoperable brain cancer. The report cited an unidentified source
close to Scott.

Asked whether the suicide note found by friends in Scott's office or any other
writings referred to an illness, Winter said, "not to my knowledge."
Authorities have not disclosed the content of the note.

He also said investigators had no theories about what led Scott, who was 68,
to take his own life.

A spokeswoman for Scott confirmed his death on Sunday night and asked that the
media respect his family's privacy.

Members of the film industry expressed shock at the death of one of
Hollywood's most prolific and bankable producer-directors with reactions from
Tom Cruise,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), Ron Howard and others.

Cruise, who shot to stardom in Scott's "Top Gun" in 1986, described him as "my
dear friend" and said in a statement: "I will really miss him. He was a
creative visionary whose mark on film is immeasurable.

"No more Tony Scott movies. Tragic day," Ron Howard, the Oscar-winning
director behind "A Beautiful Mind," said in a Twitter message. Actor Samuel L.
Jackson tweeted that he was "taking a moment to reflect on Tony Scott's life
&amp; work."

Gene Hackman, who starred in Scott's "Enemy of the State" and "Crimson Tide",
remembered him as "always sensitive to the needs of an actor. We've lost a
wonderful, creative talent."

Scott was seen parking his car on the Vincent Thomas Bridge and leaping into
the water at about 12:30 p.m. local time (1930 GMT) on Sunday, according to
Lieutenant Joe Bale, a watch commander for the coroner's office.

Bale said the body was recovered from the harbor shortly before 3 p.m. (2200
GMT) and subsequently identified as being that of the filmmaker.

MAN IN THE RED CAP

Scott, frequently seen behind the camera in his signature faded red baseball
cap, directed more than two dozen movies and television shows and produced
nearly 50 titles.

He built a reputation for muscular but stylish high-octane thrillers that
showcased some of Hollywood's biggest stars in a body of work that dated to
the 1980s and established him as one of the most successful action directors
in the business.

Two of his biggest hits were the 1986 fighter jet adventure "Top Gun," which
starred Tom Cruise as a hot-shot pilot, and the 1987 Eddie Murphy comedy
"Beverly Hills Cop II."

Other directing credits include the 1990 racing drama "Days of Thunder," which
also featured Cruise; the 1995 submarine thriller "Crimson Tide," co-starring
Denzel Washington and Gene Hackman; and the 1998 spy thriller "Enemy of the
State," which paired Hackman and Will Smith.

Washington became Scott's most frequent star, appearing in four other films
including a 2009 remake of subway hostage thriller "The Taking of the Pelham 1
2 3," co-starring John Travolta, and the 2010 runaway-train blockbuster,
"Unstoppable."

He got his start making TV commercials for his older brother's London-based
production company, Ridley Scott Associates, and moved into movies for
television and film.

His feature directorial debut, 1983 vampire movie "The Hunger" starring
British rocker David Bowie and French actress Catherine Deneuve, was a flop
that later became a cult favorite. Scott bounced back three years later with
"Top Gun."

The brothers later formed a film company, Scott Free Productions,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),
that made many of their films and TV shows.

The two were executive producers of two successful prime-time television
dramas, "Numb3rs," which ran on CBS from 2005 to 2010, and "The Good Wife,"
which is still running on CBS.

Filmmaker Richard Kelly, who wrote the screenplay for Scott's 2005 film
"Domino,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," joined the thousands of online
tributes on Monday.

"Working with Tony Scott was like a glorious road trip to Vegas on desert back
roads, a wild man behind the wheel, grinning," Kelly said.

Kevin Costner, who worked with Scott on 1990 movie "Revenge" said: "Tony was
one of the good guys. He was a man's man who lived life as hard and as full as
anyone I've ever met,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org
/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), but there was always a sweetness to his toughness."

Actor Val Kilmer, who appeared in both "Top Gun" and the 1993 film "True
Romance," called Scott "the kindest film director I ever worked for," and U.S.
film critic Roger Ebert called him "an inspired craftsman."

Scott is survived by his third wife, Donna, with whom he had two children.

(Additional reporting by Mike Collett-White in London and Jill Serjeant in Los
Angeles; Editing by Vicki Allen and Doina Chiacu)

Entertainment Fashion FilmRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://thatshowimakeit.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1521709>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa3rg#Radioactive_particle_traces_from_Japan_reach_Iceland>
  * <http://gatherup.org/blogs/2858/74821/china-to-start-work-on-world-s-h>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=36 "Edit section:
San Francisco  flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7" )]

##  San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Scott McKenzie, whose 1967 recording of "San Francisco
(Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" came to encapsulate the hippie
movement,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), has died in Los Angeles at the age
of 73.

A message on his official website said McKenzie had been ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), a disease affecting the nervous
system,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), and died at home on Saturday.

"San Francisco,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),"
written by the late John Phillips of California band The Mamas and The
Papas,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), became a worldwide hit in 1967
and is credited with bringing thousands of young people to the city in search
of flower power and free love.

McKenzie said on the website that the song "was not so much about the city
itself, but about an idea. It was more about the Monterey Pop Festival."

The singer followed tens of thousands of young people by dropping out of
mainstream society in the late 1960s and moving to Virginia for 10 years
following his hit song.

In the 1980s and 1990s he joined The Mamas and the Papas and toured with them
until the group disbanded.

"Scott was in and out of hospital since 2010 after falling ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome, a disease affecting the nervous system,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" )," his website said. "It is thought he
may have had a heart attack in early August 2012. Staff did not want him to
leave the hospital, but he wanted to be at home and passed away on 18th August
2012."

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Leslie Adler)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.bizmean.com/ads/rosie-odonnell-says-lucky-to-be-here-after-hear-2/>
  * <http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=2035111#post2035111>
  * <http://classifiedlaptops.com/ads/san-francisco-flower-power-singer-scott-mckenzie/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=37 "Edit section:
Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's" )]

##  Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor Michael J. Fox,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), who stepped back from
full-time acting in 2000 to focus on fighting Parkinson's disease,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), will star in a new TV comedy loosely based on his own life suffering from
the illness.

NBC television said on Monday it had ordered a full 22 episodes of an untitled
comedy series starring the "Spin City" and "Back to the Future" actor for the
fall of 2013.

The show will feature Fox as a husband and father of three from New York City
dealing with family, career,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), and challenges including the
degenerative nervous system disorder,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), Parkinson's disease.

"He (Fox) is utterly relatable, optimistic, and in a class by himself, and I
have no doubt that the character he will create - and the vivid family
characters surrounding him - will be both instantly recognizable and
hilarious," NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt said in a statement.

Fox, 51, made his name in the 1980s TV comedy "Family Ties" and as teen
adventurer Marty McFly in the "Back to the Future" movie franchise.

He later starred in TV political comedy "Spin
City,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )," winning
multiple acting awards,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org
/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), but semi-retired from acting in 2000 as his symptoms of
Parkinson's worsened and he focused his efforts on research for a cure.

In recent years, the Canadian actor has done voice-over work for movies like
"Stuart Little" and has guest starred in TV shows like the comedy "Curb Your
Enthusiasm" and legal drama "The Good Wife."

Filming for the new sitcom will begin this year, with casting for other roles
to be announced later, NBC said.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte; editing by Carol
Bishopric)

Entertainment Fashion Television MediaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.classified.uttara-khand.com/ads/michael-j-fox-to-star-in-tv-comedy-as-dad-with-pa/>
  * <http://mind2tests.tmaze.net/blogs/posts/etwefz0rg>
  * <http://izonebook.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/295702>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=38 "Edit section:
Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams" )]

##  Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams

LONDON (Reuters) - Five-time Oscar winning film composer John Williams will
receive a lifetime achievement honor from the Classical Brit Awards in London
in October, organizers said on Tuesday.

Williams won his first Academy Award more than 40 years ago with "Fiddler on
the Roof", and went on to earn the famous statuette again with "Jaws", "Star
Wars",[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), "E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" and
"Schindler's List".

Including those wins, he was nominated for an Oscar nearly 50 times,
reflecting his place at the pinnacle of soundtrack composition.

The 80-year-old American is still going strong, composing the music for the
upcoming film "Lincoln" which is due to hit U.S. theatres late this year.

"For many,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), the first introduction to large-scale orchestral music
was a cinematic experience," said Dickon Stainer and Barry McCann, co-chairmen
of the Classic BRIT Awards committee,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), in a joint statement.

"From the film scores of William Walton, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Erich
Korngold and others to the modern day composer, their sheer emotive power has
thrilled audiences for decades.

"John Williams has crafted some of the most memorable film scores for over
half a century and we are delighted that he has kindly accepted the Lifetime
Achievement award in honor of his fine work."

As well as scoring dozens of films, Williams has produced 130 studio
albums,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), 49 compilation albums and 23
singles, according to the Brits.

With a total of 47 Academy Award nominations,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), he
is the second most short-listed individual after Walt Disney.

The Classical Brits,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
sponsored by Mastercard, will be held at London's Royal Albert Hall on October
2.

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White, editing by Jill Serjeant; desking by Andrew
Hay)

Entertainment Fashion Film MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.indianmusicguide.com/index.php/User:Etwefy1rg#Pioneering_comedian_Phyllis_Diller_dies_at_age_95>
  * <http://www.adsguideonline.com/ads/pioneering-comedian-phyllis-diller-dies-at-age-95/>
  * <http://www.onlineadspost.com/ads/fox-studio-to-distribute-dreamworks-animation-film-2/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=39 "Edit section:
Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95" )]

##  Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Phyllis Diller,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), the former housewife whose raucous
cackle and jokes about her own looks made her one of America's first female
stand-up comedy stars, died in her sleep on Monday at age 95, her longtime
manager said.

Diller was found in her bed at her home in the affluent Brentwood section of
Los Angeles by her son, Perry, who had come to visit her, manager Milt Suchin
said.

"She had a smile on her face, as you'd expect," Suchin told Reuters.

Her publicist,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), Fred Wostbrock, called her "a true pioneer" and
"the first lady of stand-up comedy."

A friend and fellow comic, Joan Rivers, said on Monday that Diller cleared a
path for a younger generation of female stand-up artists to trade on their
jokes alone.

"Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look
funny in order to be funny," Rivers said in a message posted through Twitter.

Diller created an indelible persona with her distinctive braying laugh, a
cigarette holder, teased hair,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), outlandish costumes and a fictional
lout of a husband she called Fang.

Her act consisted of rapid-fire jokes and one-liners that often spoofed social
pretenses by poking fun at herself ("I went bathing nude on the beach the
other day; it took me 20 minutes to get arrested") as well as a world of
invented characters.

In addition to husband Fang - "What would you call a man with one tooth that
was 2 inches long?" - there was her mother-in-law Moby Dick, her skinny
sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her neighbor Mrs. Clean.

Diller prided herself on keeping her jokes tightly written and boasted that
she held a world record for getting 12 laughs a minute.

A late-bloomer by show business standards, Diller got her start at age
37,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), making her debut at San Francisco's
Purple Onion in 1955 as she broke into the male-dominated comedy circuit. Her
first national exposure came as a contestant on Groucho Marx's TV quiz show
"You Bet Your Life."

At that time Diller was a housewife who had raised five children, as well as a
newspaper columnist,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), publicist and radio writer.

She discovered a flair for stand-up jokes at school parent-teacher meetings
and similar gatherings and decided to make comedy a career at the urging of
her then-husband, Sherwood Diller. The couple divorced in 1965 and a second
marriage to singer Warde Donovan ended 10 years later.

Diller gradually adopted the props, zany wardrobe and stage persona that would
become her trademark.

FROM HOUSEWIFE TO COMIC

"If I showed you my opening night photo, I looked like the woman next door,"
Diller once said. "And it took me a while to realize that people don't pay to
see the woman next door. They can look at her for nothing."

A series of TV appearances followed and Diller soon became an instantly
recognized star. She made her movie debut in 1961 with a small part in Elia
Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" and played the title role in a 1970 Broadway
production of "Hello Dolly!"

Diller also developed a close friendship with the late comedy great Bob Hope
and co-starred with him in three movies. She was a frequent guest on his
television shows and accompanied him on a Christmas visit to U.S. troops in
Vietnam.

Another contemporary of Diller, stand-up veteran Don Rickles, saluted her as a
"great comedienne" whose "memorable teaming with Bob Hope brought female
comics to the forefront."

Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that Diller was "the queen of the one-liners" and
Whoopi Goldberg called her a "true original."

Diller, who was an accomplished pianist, built a career around lampooning her
looks but she also spent a fortune perfecting them. By her count, she had more
than 20 plastic surgeries.

Diller, who titled her 2005 autobiography "Like a Lampshade in a Whorehouse,"
counted her ability to laugh at herself as one of her greatest comic assets.
In a 2004 interview with Reuters she said she regarded her audiences as her
greatest teacher.

"I let them laugh with me, at me, which makes the audience very comfortable,"
she said. "I've learned everything from them. ... You're a comic and you're
not a success until you hear laughter."

In later years,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), she suffered from heart problems
and fractured her pelvis in a fall but continued to work in clubs and on
television well into her 80s. She provided the voice of an insect in the 1998
animated movie "A Bug's Life, appeared in the 2005 comedy documentary "The
Aristocrats" and supplied the voice of Peter's mother in 2006-2007 episodes of
the cartoon TV series "Family Guy."

Suchin said she made a guest appearance last year on the daytime drama "The
Bold and the Beautiful."

Diller and her first husband had five children. (Additional reporting by Piya
Sinha-Roy; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Trott)

Entertainment Fashion PeopleRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://socialaftermarket.com/blogs/viewstory/62476>
  * <http://www.tradeshowcorner.com/answers/?p=153245>
  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Etwefh5rg#Michael_J._Fox_to_star_in_TV_comedy_as_dad_with_Parkinson.27s>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=40 "Edit section:
Grammys go country for nominations concert" )]

##  Grammys go country for nominations concert

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Grammys are heading to Nashville,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), the capital of country
music,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), for the first
time to announce nominations for the biggest awards in the music industry,
organizers said on Tuesday.

The Recording Academy said the show, which intersperses the naming of nominees
with performances from leading musicians, will air live on the CBS television
network on Dec 5.

Grammy organizers began televising the nominations in a live show five years
ago in a bid to boost TV viewership for the annual Grammy Awards ceremony in
Los Angeles in February.

In previous years, the nominations concert took place in Los Angeles. But the
Recording Academy president, Neil Portnow,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), said it was time to celebrate
Nashville's musical heritage.

"Nashville's rich musical and cultural history is so important and vital to
our industry,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), and indeed to the world," Portnow said
in a statement.

Nashville, home to the Grand Ole Opry and dozens of recording studios, is
considered the cultural center of country music,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), which has spawned
dozens of young cross-over Grammy-winning artists in recent years such as
Taylor Swift, Carrie Underwood and the group, Lady Antebellum.

The 55th annual Grammy Awards will be held in Los Angeles on Feb 10,[Sacs
Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), 2013.

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Jan Paschal)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.classifiedtutor.com/ads/film-tv-actors-honor-dick-van-dyke-with-lifetime/>
  * [http://sourceplicity.com/index.php?option=com_blog&amp;view=comments&amp;pid=17902&amp;Itemid=0&amp;lang=en](http://sourceplicity.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=17902&Itemid=0&lang=en "http://sourceplicity.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=17902&Itemid=0&lang=en" )
  * <http://hoodvibe.com/blogs/posts/etwefc7rg>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=41 "Edit section:
Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95" )]

##  Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Phyllis Diller, the former housewife whose
raucous cackle and jokes about her own looks made her one of America's first
female stand-up comedy stars, died in her sleep on Monday at age 95,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), her longtime manager said.

Diller was found in her bed at her home in the affluent Brentwood section of
Los Angeles by her son, Perry, who had come to visit her, manager Milt Suchin
said.

"She had a smile on her face, as you'd expect," Suchin told Reuters.

Her publicist,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Fred Wostbrock, called her "a
true pioneer" and "the first lady of stand-up comedy."

A friend and fellow comic,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), Joan Rivers, said on Monday that Diller
cleared a path for a younger generation of female stand-up artists to trade on
their jokes alone.

"Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look
funny in order to be funny," Rivers said in a message posted through Twitter.

Diller created an indelible persona with her distinctive braying laugh, a
cigarette holder,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), teased hair, outlandish costumes
and a fictional lout of a husband she called Fang.

Her act consisted of rapid-fire jokes and one-liners that often spoofed social
pretenses by poking fun at herself ("I went bathing nude on the beach the
other day; it took me 20 minutes to get arrested") as well as a world of
invented characters.

In addition to husband Fang - "What would you call a man with one tooth that
was 2 inches long?" - there was her mother-in-law Moby Dick, her skinny
sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her neighbor Mrs. Clean.

Diller prided herself on keeping her jokes tightly written and boasted that
she held a world record for getting 12 laughs a minute.

A late-bloomer by show business standards, Diller got her start at age 37,
making her debut at San Francisco's Purple Onion in 1955 as she broke into the
male-dominated comedy circuit. Her first national exposure came as a
contestant on Groucho Marx's TV quiz show "You Bet Your Life."

At that time Diller was a housewife who had raised five children, as well as a
newspaper columnist, publicist and radio writer.

She discovered a flair for stand-up jokes at school parent-teacher meetings
and similar gatherings and decided to make comedy a career at the urging of
her then-husband, Sherwood Diller. The couple divorced in 1965 and a second
marriage to singer Warde Donovan ended 10 years later.

Diller gradually adopted the props, zany wardrobe and stage persona that would
become her trademark.

FROM HOUSEWIFE TO COMIC

"If I showed you my opening night photo, I looked like the woman next door,"
Diller once said. "And it took me a while to realize that people don't pay to
see the woman next door. They can look at her for nothing."

A series of TV appearances followed and Diller soon became an instantly
recognized star. She made her movie debut in 1961 with a small part in Elia
Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" and played the title role in a 1970 Broadway
production of "Hello Dolly!"

Diller also developed a close friendship with the late comedy great Bob Hope
and co-starred with him in three movies. She was a frequent guest on his
television shows and accompanied him on a Christmas visit to U.S. troops in
Vietnam.

Another contemporary of Diller, stand-up veteran Don Rickles, saluted her as a
"great comedienne" whose "memorable teaming with Bob Hope brought female
comics to the forefront."

Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that Diller was "the queen of the one-liners" and
Whoopi Goldberg called her a "true original."

Diller, who was an accomplished pianist, built a career around lampooning her
looks but she also spent a fortune perfecting them. By her count, she had more
than 20 plastic surgeries.

Diller,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
who titled her 2005 autobiography "Like a Lampshade in a Whorehouse," counted
her ability to laugh at herself as one of her greatest comic assets. In a 2004
interview with Reuters she said she regarded her audiences as her greatest
teacher.

"I let them laugh with me, at me, which makes the audience very comfortable,"
she said. "I've learned everything from them. ... You're a comic and you're
not a success until you hear laughter."

In later years, she suffered from heart problems and fractured her pelvis in a
fall but continued to work in clubs and on television well into her 80s. She
provided the voice of an insect in the 1998 animated movie "A Bug's Life,[Sacs
Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), appeared
in the 2005 comedy documentary "The Aristocrats" and supplied the voice of
Peter's mother in 2006-2007 episodes of the cartoon TV series "Family Guy."

Suchin said she made a guest appearance last year on the daytime drama "The
Bold and the Beautiful."

Diller and her first husband had five children. (Additional reporting by Piya
Sinha-Roy; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Trott)

Entertainment Fashion Politics PeopleRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefy5rg#Clues_sought_in_suicide_of_film_director_Tony_Scott>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg#Michael_J._Fox_to_star_in_TV_comedy_as_dad_with_Parkinson.27s>
  * <http://william4mary.com/ads/the-office-to-end-run-on-u-s-tv-in-2013/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=42 "Edit section:
Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films" )]

##  Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - 20th Century Fox movie studio will distribute animated
feature films from "Kung Fu Panda" maker Dreamworks Animation for the next
five years, the studios announced on Monday.

Fox is taking over the role currently played by Viacom unit Paramount
Pictures, which has been distributing Dreamworks Animation films for a fee of
about 8 percent of revenue from each movie.

Fox will distribute the films for the same fee, Dreamworks Animation CEO
Jeffrey Katzenberg told reporters on a conference call.

But the new arrangement is more favorable, he said,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), because both studios can take
advantage of lower costs from digital distribution.

Under the existing deal, Paramount received about $40 million in 2011 from
Dreamworks Animation, according to a source familiar with the arrangement.

Fox, a unit of News Corp, will distribute the studio's films for five years
starting in 2013,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), including next year's "The Croods" and
"Turbo." Fox has its own animated slate of films,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), including the successful "Ice Age"
franchise.

The fourth "Ice Age" film has grossed $796.5 million worldwide since it hit
theaters in June.

Katzenberg said he was also talking with Fox about the possibility of
distributing a family-oriented cable channel he envisions using characters
from Classic Media such as "Casper," "Rocky and Bullwinkle,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )," and "Lassie"
alongside Dreamworks franchises such as "Shrek" and "Kung Fu Panda."

Katzenberg's company acquired Classic Media in July for $155 million.

"We have had conversations with the Fox team about this," Katzenberg
said,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), adding that if his studio and Fox do
not reach a deal,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Dreamworks is free to discuss
the idea with other distributors.

At Paramount, the studio is trying to build its own animated offerings as it
loses the Dreamworks Animation films and has cut the number of live action
movies it produces. Last year's "Rango" from Paramount, about a chameleon in
the Wild West, won the Academy Award for best animated feature and rang up
sales of $245.4 million around the world.

(Reporting by Lisa Richwine, editing by Gary Crosse)

Entertainment Fashion Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review:
2011 Q2 Global Deals Review Inflows Outflows Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.hotpinkscooters.com/ads/jimmy-kimmel-goes-head-to-head-with-leno-letterma/>
  * <http://www.binkview.com/blogs/entry/Michael-J-Fox-to-star-in-TV-comedy-as-dad-with-Parkinson-s-2012-09-11>
  * <http://europeanball.com/blogs/viewstory/220746>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=43 "Edit section:
San Francisco  flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7" )]

##  San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Scott McKenzie,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), whose 1967 recording of "San
Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" came to encapsulate the
hippie movement, has died in Los Angeles at the age of 73.

A message on his official website said McKenzie had been ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), a disease affecting the nervous
system,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), and died at home on Saturday.

"San Francisco," written by the late John Phillips of California band The
Mamas and The Papas,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
became a worldwide hit in 1967 and is credited with bringing thousands of
young people to the city in search of flower power and free love.

McKenzie said on the website that the song "was not so much about the city
itself,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), but about an idea. It was more about the
Monterey Pop Festival."

The singer followed tens of thousands of young people by dropping out of
mainstream society in the late 1960s and moving to Virginia for 10 years
following his hit song.

In the 1980s and 1990s he joined The Mamas and the Papas and toured with them
until the group disbanded.

"Scott was in and out of hospital since 2010 after falling ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), a disease affecting the nervous
system," his website said. "It is thought he may have had a heart attack in
early August 2012. Staff did not want him to leave the hospital, but he wanted
to be at home and passed away on 18th August 2012."

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Leslie Adler)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://pianotune.com.au/node/123517>
  * <http://bouma.org/blogs/viewstory/71244>
  * <http://occupynconline.org/activity/p/211713/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=44 "Edit section:
Happily Divorced  actress Tichina Arnold is wed" )]

##  Happily Divorced actress Tichina Arnold is wed

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actress Tichina Arnold, best known for her role in Fox
sitcom "Martin," married Rico Hines in Hawaii over the weekend.

Arnold, 43,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), kept her
245,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ),000 Twitter followers entertained with
wedding updates,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), posting pictures of herself and the bridal party at
the marriage ceremony that took place in Honolulu on Saturday.

Arnold also starred in TV sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris" and is currently one
of the lead characters in "Happily Divorced" alongside Fran Drescher. She
announced her engagement to Hines,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), a college basketball coach,[Louis
Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), in March this year.

The actress was previously married to former heavyweight boxer Lamon Brewster
from 1992 to 1995. She also has a daughter, 8-year-old Alijah Kai,[sacs Louis
Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), from a relationship with music
producer Carvin Haggins.

(Reporting By Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Gunna Dickson)

Entertainment Fashion TelevisionRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.greatparkportal.com/component/blog/comments?pid=30431>
  * [http://www.ebook-galaxy.com/index.php?option=com_blog&amp;view=comments&amp;pid=13917&amp;Itemid=0](http://www.ebook-galaxy.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=13917&Itemid=0 "http://www.ebook-galaxy.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=13917&Itemid=0" )
  * <http://yenikelma.com/soru-cevap/?p=130263>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=45 "Edit section:
Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott" )]

##  Clues sought in suicide of film director Tony Scott

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Investigators sought clues on Monday to what prompted
British-born filmmaker Tony Scott to take his own life in Los Angeles, while
much of Hollywood focused on an unconfirmed news report that he was suffering
from brain cancer.

Scott, director of such blockbuster films as "Top Gun" and "Beverly Hills Cop
II," jumped to his death on Sunday from a suspension bridge over Los Angeles
Harbor, leaving behind a suicide note in his office and a list in his car of
people to contact, the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office said.

Medical examiners were scheduled on Monday to perform an autopsy on Scott's
body, which was recovered from the harbor nearly three hours after he jumped
in, Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said.

Results of the exam will likely be kept confidential until toxicology and
other tests are completed, he said.

Winter said he could not confirm an ABC News report that said the filmmaker,
the younger brother of fellow director and three-time Oscar nominee Ridley
Scott, had inoperable brain cancer. The report cited an unidentified source
close to Scott.

Asked whether the suicide note found by friends in Scott's office or any other
writings referred to an illness, Winter said, "not to my knowledge."
Authorities have not disclosed the content of the note.

He also said investigators had no theories about what led Scott, who was 68,
to take his own life.

A spokeswoman for Scott confirmed his death on Sunday night and asked that the
media respect his family's privacy.

Members of the film industry expressed shock at the death of one of
Hollywood's most prolific and bankable producer-directors with reactions from
Tom Cruise, Ron Howard and others.

Cruise, who shot to stardom in Scott's "Top Gun" in 1986, described him as "my
dear friend" and said in a statement: "I will really miss him. He was a
creative visionary whose mark on film is immeasurable.

"No more Tony Scott movies. Tragic day,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
)," Ron Howard,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), the Oscar-winning director
behind "A Beautiful Mind," said in a Twitter message. Actor Samuel L. Jackson
tweeted that he was "taking a moment to reflect on Tony Scott's life &amp;
work."

Gene Hackman, who starred in Scott's "Enemy of the State" and "Crimson Tide",
remembered him as "always sensitive to the needs of an actor. We've lost a
wonderful, creative talent."

Scott was seen parking his car on the Vincent Thomas Bridge and leaping into
the water at about 12:30 p.m. local time (1930 GMT) on Sunday, according to
Lieutenant Joe Bale, a watch commander for the coroner's office.

Bale said the body was recovered from the harbor shortly before 3 p.m. (2200
GMT) and subsequently identified as being that of the filmmaker.

MAN IN THE RED CAP

Scott, frequently seen behind the camera in his signature faded red baseball
cap, directed more than two dozen movies and television shows and produced
nearly 50 titles.

He built a reputation for muscular but stylish high-octane thrillers that
showcased some of Hollywood's biggest stars in a body of work that dated to
the 1980s and established him as one of the most successful action directors
in the business.

Two of his biggest hits were the 1986 fighter jet adventure "Top Gun," which
starred Tom Cruise as a hot-shot pilot, and the 1987 Eddie Murphy comedy
"Beverly Hills Cop II."

Other directing credits include the 1990 racing drama "Days of Thunder," which
also featured Cruise; the 1995 submarine thriller "Crimson Tide," co-starring
Denzel Washington and Gene Hackman; and the 1998 spy thriller "Enemy of the
State," which paired Hackman and Will Smith.

Washington became Scott's most frequent star,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), appearing in four other films
including a 2009 remake of subway hostage thriller "The Taking of the Pelham 1
2 3,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," co-starring John Travolta, and
the 2010 runaway-train blockbuster, "Unstoppable."

He got his start making TV commercials for his older brother's London-based
production company, Ridley Scott Associates, and moved into movies for
television and film.

His feature directorial debut, 1983 vampire movie "The Hunger" starring
British rocker David Bowie and French actress Catherine Deneuve, was a flop
that later became a cult favorite. Scott bounced back three years later with
"Top Gun."

The brothers later formed a film company,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),
Scott Free Productions, that made many of their films and TV shows.

The two were executive producers of two successful prime-time television
dramas, "Numb3rs," which ran on CBS from 2005 to 2010, and "The Good Wife,"
which is still running on CBS.

Filmmaker Richard Kelly, who wrote the screenplay for Scott's 2005 film
"Domino," joined the thousands of online tributes on Monday.

"Working with Tony Scott was like a glorious road trip to Vegas on desert back
roads, a wild man behind the wheel, grinning," Kelly said.

Kevin Costner, who worked with Scott on 1990 movie "Revenge" said: "Tony was
one of the good guys. He was a man's man who lived life as hard and as full as
anyone I've ever met, but there was always a sweetness to his toughness."

Actor Val Kilmer,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), who appeared in both "Top Gun" and the 1993 film
"True Romance," called Scott "the kindest film director I ever worked for,"
and U.S. film critic Roger Ebert called him "an inspired craftsman."

Scott is survived by his third wife, Donna, with whom he had two children.

(Additional reporting by Mike Collett-White in London and Jill Serjeant in Los
Angeles; Editing by Vicki Allen and Doina Chiacu)

Entertainment Fashion FilmRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.totaltopads.in/ads/san-francisco-flower-power-singer-scott-mckenzie/>
  * <http://directask.com/?p=192088>
  * <http://lifecycle.kimbol.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/368430>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=46 "Edit section:
Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams" )]

##  Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams

LONDON (Reuters) - Five-time Oscar winning film composer John Williams will
receive a lifetime achievement honor from the Classical Brit Awards in London
in October, organizers said on Tuesday.

Williams won his first Academy Award more than 40 years ago with "Fiddler on
the Roof", and went on to earn the famous statuette again with "Jaws",[Sito
Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), "Star Wars",
"E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" and "Schindler's List".

Including those wins,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), he was nominated for an Oscar
nearly 50 times, reflecting his place at the pinnacle of soundtrack
composition.

The 80-year-old American is still going strong, composing the music for the
upcoming film "Lincoln" which is due to hit U.S. theatres late this year.

"For many, the first introduction to large-scale orchestral music was a
cinematic experience," said Dickon Stainer and Barry McCann,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), co-
chairmen of the Classic BRIT Awards committee, in a joint statement.

"From the film scores of William Walton, Ralph Vaughan Williams,[pochette
louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), Erich Korngold and others to the modern
day composer, their sheer emotive power has thrilled audiences for decades.

"John Williams has crafted some of the most memorable film scores for over
half a century and we are delighted that he has kindly accepted the Lifetime
Achievement award in honor of his fine work."

As well as scoring dozens of films,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), Williams has produced 130 studio albums, 49 compilation albums and 23
singles, according to the Brits.

With a total of 47 Academy Award nominations, he is the second most short-
listed individual after Walt Disney.

The Classical Brits,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), sponsored by Mastercard, will be
held at London's Royal Albert Hall on October 2.

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White, editing by Jill Serjeant; desking by Andrew
Hay)

Entertainment Fashion Film MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://truthinlovetomuslims.com/node/12420>
  * <http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/250580>
  * <http://www.petforsalecalifornia.com/ads/grammys-go-country-for-nominations-concert-2/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=47 "Edit section:
Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's" )]

##  Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor Michael J. Fox,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), who stepped back from full-time
acting in 2000 to focus on fighting Parkinson's disease, will star in a new TV
comedy loosely based on his own life suffering from the illness.

NBC television said on Monday it had ordered a full 22 episodes of an untitled
comedy series starring the "Spin City" and "Back to the Future" actor for the
fall of 2013.

The show will feature Fox as a husband and father of three from New York City
dealing with family,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ),
career,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), and challenges
including the degenerative nervous system disorder, Parkinson's disease.

"He (Fox) is utterly relatable, optimistic, and in a class by himself, and I
have no doubt that the character he will create - and the vivid family
characters surrounding him - will be both instantly recognizable and
hilarious,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/"
)," NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt said in a statement.

Fox,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), 51, made his name in the 1980s TV
comedy "Family Ties" and as teen adventurer Marty McFly in the "Back to the
Future" movie franchise.

He later starred in TV political comedy "Spin City," winning multiple acting
awards, but semi-retired from acting in 2000 as his symptoms of Parkinson's
worsened and he focused his efforts on research for a cure.

In recent years,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), the Canadian actor has done voice-over
work for movies like "Stuart Little" and has guest starred in TV shows like
the comedy "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and legal drama "The Good Wife."

Filming for the new sitcom will begin this year, with casting for other roles
to be announced later, NBC said.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte; editing by Carol
Bishopric)

Entertainment Fashion Television MediaRelated Theme Articles:

  * [http://www.ethioalpinetour.com/index.php?option=com_blog&amp;view=comments&amp;pid=39301&amp;Itemid=0](http://www.ethioalpinetour.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=39301&Itemid=0 "http://www.ethioalpinetour.com/index.php?option=com_blog&view=comments&pid=39301&Itemid=0" )
  * <http://www.silverfraction.com/node/305452>
  * [http://www.fmsfinancesociety.com/forum/topic.php?id=5306&amp;replies=1#post-7309](http://www.fmsfinancesociety.com/forum/topic.php?id=5306&replies=1#post-7309 "http://www.fmsfinancesociety.com/forum/topic.php?id=5306&replies=1#post-7309" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=48 "Edit section:
Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams" )]

##  Classical Brits to honor U.S. film composer Williams

LONDON (Reuters) - Five-time Oscar winning film composer John Williams will
receive a lifetime achievement honor from the Classical Brit Awards in London
in October,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), organizers said on Tuesday.

Williams won his first Academy Award more than 40 years ago with "Fiddler on
the Roof", and went on to earn the famous statuette again with "Jaws", "Star
Wars",[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
"E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" and "Schindler's List".

Including those wins, he was nominated for an Oscar nearly 50 times,
reflecting his place at the pinnacle of soundtrack composition.

The 80-year-old American is still going strong, composing the music for the
upcoming film "Lincoln" which is due to hit U.S. theatres late this year.

"For many,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), the first introduction to large-
scale orchestral music was a cinematic experience," said Dickon Stainer and
Barry McCann,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), co-chairmen of the Classic BRIT
Awards committee,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), in a joint statement.

"From the film scores of William Walton, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Erich
Korngold and others to the modern day composer,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), their sheer emotive power has thrilled audiences for decades.

"John Williams has crafted some of the most memorable film scores for over
half a century and we are delighted that he has kindly accepted the Lifetime
Achievement award in honor of his fine work."

As well as scoring dozens of films, Williams has produced 130 studio albums,
49 compilation albums and 23 singles, according to the Brits.

With a total of 47 Academy Award nominations, he is the second most short-
listed individual after Walt Disney.

The Classical Brits, sponsored by Mastercard, will be held at London's Royal
Albert Hall on October 2.

(Reporting by Mike Collett-White, editing by Jill Serjeant; desking by Andrew
Hay)

Entertainment Fashion Film MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://iweed.info/blogs/viewstory/60478>
  * <http://friendsgroup.altervista.org/activity/p/92700/>
  * <http://www.iartdesigner.com/activity/p/83232/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=49 "Edit section:
Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95" )]

##  Pioneering comedian Phyllis Diller dies at age 95

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Comedian Phyllis Diller, the former housewife whose
raucous cackle and jokes about her own looks made her one of America's first
female stand-up comedy stars, died in her sleep on Monday at age 95, her
longtime manager said.

Diller was found in her bed at her home in the affluent Brentwood section of
Los Angeles by her son, Perry, who had come to visit her, manager Milt Suchin
said.

"She had a smile on her face, as you'd expect," Suchin told Reuters.

Her publicist, Fred Wostbrock, called her "a true pioneer" and "the first lady
of stand-up comedy."

A friend and fellow comic, Joan Rivers, said on Monday that Diller cleared a
path for a younger generation of female stand-up artists to trade on their
jokes alone.

"Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look
funny in order to be funny," Rivers said in a message posted through Twitter.

Diller created an indelible persona with her distinctive braying laugh, a
cigarette holder,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), teased hair, outlandish costumes and a
fictional lout of a husband she called Fang.

Her act consisted of rapid-fire jokes and one-liners that often spoofed social
pretenses by poking fun at herself ("I went bathing nude on the beach the
other day; it took me 20 minutes to get arrested") as well as a world of
invented characters.

In addition to husband Fang - "What would you call a man with one tooth that
was 2 inches long?" - there was her mother-in-law Moby Dick, her skinny
sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her neighbor Mrs. Clean.

Diller prided herself on keeping her jokes tightly written and boasted that
she held a world record for getting 12 laughs a minute.

A late-bloomer by show business standards,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), Diller got her start at age
37,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), making her debut
at San Francisco's Purple Onion in 1955 as she broke into the male-dominated
comedy circuit. Her first national exposure came as a contestant on Groucho
Marx's TV quiz show "You Bet Your Life."

At that time Diller was a housewife who had raised five children,[sacs Louis
Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), as well as a newspaper columnist,
publicist and radio writer.

She discovered a flair for stand-up jokes at school parent-teacher meetings
and similar gatherings and decided to make comedy a career at the urging of
her then-husband, Sherwood Diller. The couple divorced in 1965 and a second
marriage to singer Warde Donovan ended 10 years later.

Diller gradually adopted the props, zany wardrobe and stage persona that would
become her trademark.

FROM HOUSEWIFE TO COMIC

"If I showed you my opening night photo, I looked like the woman next
door,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," Diller once said. "And it took me
a while to realize that people don't pay to see the woman next door. They can
look at her for nothing."

A series of TV appearances followed and Diller soon became an instantly
recognized star. She made her movie debut in 1961 with a small part in Elia
Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" and played the title role in a 1970 Broadway
production of "Hello Dolly!"

Diller also developed a close friendship with the late comedy great Bob Hope
and co-starred with him in three movies. She was a frequent guest on his
television shows and accompanied him on a Christmas visit to U.S. troops in
Vietnam.

Another contemporary of Diller,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), stand-up
veteran Don Rickles, saluted her as a "great comedienne" whose "memorable
teaming with Bob Hope brought female comics to the forefront."

Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that Diller was "the queen of the one-liners" and
Whoopi Goldberg called her a "true original."

Diller, who was an accomplished pianist, built a career around lampooning her
looks but she also spent a fortune perfecting them. By her count, she had more
than 20 plastic surgeries.

Diller, who titled her 2005 autobiography "Like a Lampshade in a Whorehouse,"
counted her ability to laugh at herself as one of her greatest comic assets.
In a 2004 interview with Reuters she said she regarded her audiences as her
greatest teacher.

"I let them laugh with me, at me, which makes the audience very comfortable,"
she said. "I've learned everything from them. ... You're a comic and you're
not a success until you hear laughter."

In later years, she suffered from heart problems and fractured her pelvis in a
fall but continued to work in clubs and on television well into her 80s. She
provided the voice of an insect in the 1998 animated movie "A Bug's Life,
appeared in the 2005 comedy documentary "The Aristocrats" and supplied the
voice of Peter's mother in 2006-2007 episodes of the cartoon TV series "Family
Guy."

Suchin said she made a guest appearance last year on the daytime drama "The
Bold and the Beautiful."

Diller and her first husband had five children. (Additional reporting by Piya
Sinha-Roy; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Trott)

Entertainment Fashion PeopleRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.hotpinkscooters.com/ads/clues-sought-in-suicide-of-film-director-tony-scot-2/>
  * <http://kidsrockproductions.com/node/31740>
  * <http://www.promosipercuma.net/ads/michael-j-fox-to-star-in-tv-comedy-as-dad-with-pa/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=50 "Edit section:
Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films" )]

##  Fox studio to distribute Dreamworks Animation films

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - 20th Century Fox movie studio will distribute animated
feature films from "Kung Fu Panda" maker Dreamworks Animation for the next
five years,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), the studios announced on Monday.

Fox is taking over the role currently played by Viacom unit Paramount
Pictures,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), which has been distributing
Dreamworks Animation films for a fee of about 8 percent of revenue from each
movie.

Fox will distribute the films for the same fee, Dreamworks Animation CEO
Jeffrey Katzenberg told reporters on a conference call.

But the new arrangement is more favorable, he said, because both studios can
take advantage of lower costs from digital distribution.

Under the existing deal, Paramount received about $40 million in 2011 from
Dreamworks Animation, according to a source familiar with the arrangement.

Fox,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), a unit of News Corp,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), will distribute the studio's films for five years starting in 2013,
including next year's "The Croods" and "Turbo." Fox has its own animated slate
of films, including the successful "Ice Age" franchise.

The fourth "Ice Age" film has grossed $796.5 million worldwide since it hit
theaters in June.

Katzenberg said he was also talking with Fox about the possibility of
distributing a family-oriented cable channel he envisions using characters
from Classic Media such as "Casper," "Rocky and Bullwinkle," and "Lassie"
alongside Dreamworks franchises such as "Shrek" and "Kung Fu Panda."

Katzenberg's company acquired Classic Media in July for $155 million.

"We have had conversations with the Fox team about this," Katzenberg said,
adding that if his studio and Fox do not reach a deal,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Dreamworks is free to discuss
the idea with other distributors.

At Paramount,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), the studio is trying to build its
own animated offerings as it loses the Dreamworks Animation films and has cut
the number of live action movies it produces. Last year's "Rango" from
Paramount, about a chameleon in the Wild West, won the Academy Award for best
animated feature and rang up sales of $245.4 million around the world.

(Reporting by Lisa Richwine, editing by Gary Crosse)

Entertainment Fashion Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review:
2011 Q2 Global Deals Review Inflows Outflows Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://lifecycle.kimbol.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/390668>
  * <http://friends.simetri.in/activity/p/38433/>
  * <http://www.cleverli.com/wp/?p=258652>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=51 "Edit section:
San Francisco  flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7" )]

##  San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Scott McKenzie, whose 1967 recording of "San Francisco
(Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" came to encapsulate the hippie
movement,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), has died in
Los Angeles at the age of 73.

A message on his official website said McKenzie had been ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome, a disease affecting the nervous system, and died at home on
Saturday.

"San Francisco,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" )," written by the late John Phillips of California
band The Mamas and The Papas,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), became a
worldwide hit in 1967 and is credited with bringing thousands of young people
to the city in search of flower power and free love.

McKenzie said on the website that the song "was not so much about the city
itself,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), but about an idea. It was more
about the Monterey Pop Festival."

The singer followed tens of thousands of young people by dropping out of
mainstream society in the late 1960s and moving to Virginia for 10 years
following his hit song.

In the 1980s and 1990s he joined The Mamas and the Papas and toured with them
until the group disbanded.

"Scott was in and out of hospital since 2010 after falling ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome, a disease affecting the nervous system,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
)," his website said. "It is thought he may have had a heart attack in early
August 2012. Staff did not want him to leave the hospital,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), but
he wanted to be at home and passed away on 18th August 2012."

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Leslie Adler)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://classifiedmobiles.com/ads/jimmy-kimmel-goes-head-to-head-with-leno-letterma-3/>
  * <http://www.esohbet.us/blogs/entry/San-Francisco-flower-power-singer-Scott-McKenzie-dead-at-73-2012-09-17>
  * <http://wearelyrics.com/activity/p/24059/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=52 "Edit section:
San Francisco  flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7" )]

##  San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Scott McKenzie,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), whose 1967 recording of "San
Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" came to encapsulate the
hippie movement,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), has died in Los Angeles at the age of 73.

A message on his official website said McKenzie had been ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), a disease affecting the nervous system,
and died at home on Saturday.

"San Francisco,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" )," written by the late John
Phillips of California band The Mamas and The Papas, became a worldwide hit in
1967 and is credited with bringing thousands of young people to the city in
search of flower power and free love.

McKenzie said on the website that the song "was not so much about the city
itself, but about an idea. It was more about the Monterey Pop Festival."

The singer followed tens of thousands of young people by dropping out of
mainstream society in the late 1960s and moving to Virginia for 10 years
following his hit song.

In the 1980s and 1990s he joined The Mamas and the Papas and toured with them
until the group disbanded.

"Scott was in and out of hospital since 2010 after falling ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), a disease affecting the nervous
system,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" )," his website said. "It is thought he
may have had a heart attack in early August 2012. Staff did not want him to
leave the hospital, but he wanted to be at home and passed away on 18th August
2012."

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Leslie Adler)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://share-community.online.gp/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/60361>
  * <http://www.adswr.co.uk/ads/michael-j-fox-to-star-in-tv-comedy-as-dad-with-pa-3/>
  * <http://www.petforsaleillinois.com/ads/grammys-go-country-for-nominations-concert-2/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=53 "Edit section:
Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's" )]

##  Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor Michael J. Fox, who stepped back from full-time
acting in 2000 to focus on fighting Parkinson's disease,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), will star
in a new TV comedy loosely based on his own life suffering from the illness.

NBC television said on Monday it had ordered a full 22 episodes of an untitled
comedy series starring the "Spin City" and "Back to the Future" actor for the
fall of 2013.

The show will feature Fox as a husband and father of three from New York City
dealing with family,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), career,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), and challenges including the degenerative nervous
system disorder, Parkinson's disease.

"He (Fox) is utterly relatable, optimistic, and in a class by himself, and I
have no doubt that the character he will create - and the vivid family
characters surrounding him - will be both instantly recognizable and
hilarious,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" )," NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt said in a
statement.

Fox, 51,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), made his name in the 1980s TV
comedy "Family Ties" and as teen adventurer Marty McFly in the "Back to the
Future" movie franchise.

He later starred in TV political comedy "Spin City," winning multiple acting
awards,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), but semi-retired from acting in 2000 as
his symptoms of Parkinson's worsened and he focused his efforts on research
for a cure.

In recent years, the Canadian actor has done voice-over work for movies like
"Stuart Little" and has guest starred in TV shows like the comedy "Curb Your
Enthusiasm" and legal drama "The Good Wife."

Filming for the new sitcom will begin this year, with casting for other roles
to be announced later, NBC said.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte; editing by Carol
Bishopric)

Entertainment Fashion Television MediaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.nusantaraportal.co.de/blogs/viewstory/253453>
  * <http://www.mlmteam.in/ads/pioneering-comedian-phyllis-diller-dies-at-age-95-5/>
  * <http://occupologist.phpfogapp.com/index.php/User:Etweft2rg#Rosie_O.27Donnell_says_lucky_to_be_here_after_heart_attack>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=54 "Edit section:
San Francisco  flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7" )]

##  San Francisco flower power singer Scott McKenzie dead at 7

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Scott McKenzie, whose 1967 recording of "San Francisco
(Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" came to encapsulate the hippie
movement,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), has died in Los Angeles at the age of 73.

A message on his official website said McKenzie had been ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome, a disease affecting the nervous system, and died at home on
Saturday.

"San Francisco,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," written by the late John Phillips
of California band The Mamas and The Papas,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), became a worldwide hit in 1967 and is credited with bringing thousands of
young people to the city in search of flower power and free love.

McKenzie said on the website that the song "was not so much about the city
itself,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), but about an
idea. It was more about the Monterey Pop Festival."

The singer followed tens of thousands of young people by dropping out of
mainstream society in the late 1960s and moving to Virginia for 10 years
following his hit song.

In the 1980s and 1990s he joined The Mamas and the Papas and toured with them
until the group disbanded.

"Scott was in and out of hospital since 2010 after falling ill with Guillain-
Barre Syndrome,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), a disease affecting the nervous
system,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/"
)," his website said. "It is thought he may have had a heart attack in early
August 2012. Staff did not want him to leave the hospital, but he wanted to be
at home and passed away on 18th August 2012."

(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte and Leslie Adler)

Entertainment Fashion MusicRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.blogopenads.com/ads/michael-j-fox-to-star-in-tv-comedy-as-dad-with-pa/>
  * <http://classifiedinet.in/ads/michael-j-fox-to-star-in-tv-comedy-as-dad-with-pa-4/>
  * <http://www.iimmmumbai.org/blog/comments/8853>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=55 "Edit section:
Fox promotes broadcast TV executive Kevin Reilly" )]

##  Fox promotes broadcast TV executive Kevin Reilly

n"&gt;(Reuters) - Kevin Reilly has been promoted to chairman of entertainment
at Fox Broadcasting Co, the network said on Monday, the latest move in a
shuffle of News Corp's entertainment executives ahead of the company's split
into two businesses next year.

He will be in charge of programming, scheduling,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), marketing, research
and business affairs.

Reilly joined Fox in 2007 after a stint as NBC's president of entertainment.
In his previous role as entertainment president at Fox, he oversaw the debut
of hit comedies "Glee" and "New Girl" and singing competition "The X Factor"
in Fox's prime-time lineup.

Fox trails CBS in total viewers but has ranked No. 1 among 18- to 49-year-
olds,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), the group most prized by
advertisers, for eight straight seasons.

Fox faces challenges in the coming season as "American Idol" has seen its
audiences shrink over 11 seasons. While "Idol" remains the No. 1 non-sports
broadcast on television, viewership dropped 30 percent for the season that
ended in May,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), according to Nielsen ratings data.

In July, Reilly told TV critics that Fox may lose the 18- to 49-year-old age
group to CBS,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), which will benefit from its broadcast
of the Super Bowl next January.

Still, Reilly said he was optimistic about new comedy shows including "The
Mindy Project" created by and starring "The Office" actress Mindy Kaling, and
"Ben and Kate,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )," a
series about an odd-couple pair of siblings. To revive "Idol," the network
signed pop superstar Mariah Carey as a judge.

Reilly takes over from Peter Rice,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), who was promoted in July to chairman and chief executive of Fox Networks
Group, a job that involves overseeing sports and Fox's cable networks.

There has been much speculation in recent months about how News Corp will cram
all of its executive talent into the new News Corp entertainment company after
the split from its newspapers and publishing business.

Rupert Murdoch relented to pressure from investors to split off the company's
newspapers and publishing from the entertainment arm to boost valuation of the
entertainment assets, which were being discounted because of their association
with the struggling newspaper business. The split is expected to be completed
in 2013.

(Reporting By Liana B. Baker in New York and Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles;
Editing by Maureen Bavdek and Gunna Dickson)

Entertainment Fashion Television Media Rupert Murdoch Related Quotes and News
Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://galas.club.lc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/12938>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa3rg#Jimmy_Kimmel_goes_head-to-head_with_Leno.2C_Letterman>
  * <http://www.openintimacy.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=46397>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=56 "Edit section:
Porn film production on hold after Los Angeles syphilis case" )]

##  Porn film production on hold after Los Angeles syphilis case

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A porn industry trade group has announced a U.S.
moratorium on production of adult sex films after at least one Los Angeles
actor tested positive for syphilis, adding to the pressure on porn producers
to require the use of condoms on sets.

The actors can return to work in 10 days after taking antibiotics and doctors
have recommended treating all adult film actors as a precaution, the Los
Angeles-based Free Speech Coalition said in a statement on its website late on
Monday.

It added that filming had been halted since the weekend.

"Clearly our industry's priority is the health and well-being of our
performers,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )," Diane
Duke, the executive director of the Free Speech Coalition,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), said in the statement.

Porn producers in the Los Angeles area,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), which is the heart of the U.S.
adult film industry and home to an estimated 1,000 performers,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), are under pressure to ensure condom use on sets to prevent the spread of
the AIDS virus and other sexually transmitted diseases.

Existing California workplace laws already mandate the use of condoms by porn
performers,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), but critics say that statute is not
specifically aimed at the industry and is widely flouted.

A Los Angeles ballot initiative in November will ask voters to require the
county health department to require condom use by adult film performers.

The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health said in a statement on
Monday that it was "investigating recent reports of possible cases of syphilis
in the adult film industry."

It was unclear exactly how many porn actors have tested positive for syphilis.
The Free Speech Coalition said on its website that a single performer had
tested positive for the disease.

But Peter Kerndt,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), the director of the county's sexually
transmitted disease programs, told the Los Angeles Times in an article posted
on its website on Friday that his agency had received reports of at least five
possible cases.

Sarah Kissel, a spokeswoman for the Department of Public Health, declined on
Tuesday to say how many cases had been reported to the county.

The nonprofit AIDS Healthcare Foundation has led a campaign to involve local
officials in regulating the use of condoms in the adult film industry. In
January, it succeeded in persuading Los Angeles city officials to adopt a
condom requirement for porn performers. The city is still determining how to
enforce the policy, but it will not cover studio sound stages.

A ballot initiative in November, which resulted from a signature-gathering
drive by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, would require county health officials
to impose a more far-reaching requirement for condoms on porn sets, and that
would apply to shoots in studio sound stages.

The Free Speech Coalition last year called for a temporary moratorium on
filming after a performer tested positive for HIV. The actor was later found
to not have the virus.

(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis; Editing by Cynthia Johnston and Paul Simao)

Entertainment Fashion HealthRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://socialtruther.fightingtyrannyforsalvation.com/activity/p/19983/>
  * <http://mind2tests.tmaze.net/blogs/posts/etwefz0rg>
  * <http://totalomics.com/index.php/User:Etwefe4rg#Fox_promotes_broadcast_TV_executive_Kevin_Reilly>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=57 "Edit section:
Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's" )]

##  Michael J. Fox to star in TV comedy as dad with Parkinson's

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Actor Michael J. Fox, who stepped back from full-time
acting in 2000 to focus on fighting Parkinson's disease,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), will star in a new TV comedy
loosely based on his own life suffering from the illness.

NBC television said on Monday it had ordered a full 22 episodes of an untitled
comedy series starring the "Spin City" and "Back to the Future" actor for the
fall of 2013.

The show will feature Fox as a husband and father of three from New York City
dealing with family,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), career, and challenges including the
degenerative nervous system disorder, Parkinson's disease.

"He (Fox) is utterly relatable, optimistic, and in a class by himself, and I
have no doubt that the character he will create - and the vivid family
characters surrounding him - will be both instantly recognizable and
hilarious,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/"
)," NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt said in a statement.

Fox,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), 51,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), made his name in the 1980s TV comedy "Family Ties" and as teen adventurer
Marty McFly in the "Back to the Future" movie franchise.

He later starred in TV political comedy "Spin City," winning multiple acting
awards, but semi-retired from acting in 2000 as his symptoms of Parkinson's
worsened and he focused his efforts on research for a cure.

In recent years,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), the Canadian actor has done voice-
over work for movies like "Stuart Little" and has guest starred in TV shows
like the comedy "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and legal drama "The Good Wife."

Filming for the new sitcom will begin this year, with casting for other roles
to be announced later, NBC said.

(Reporting By Jill Serjeant; Editing by Bob Tourtellotte; editing by Carol
Bishopric)

Entertainment Fashion Television MediaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.adspot.com.au/ad/the-office-to-end-run-on-u-s-tv-in-2013/>
  * <http://www.racedate.com/member/blog_post_view.php?postId=114128>
  * <http://boltondirectory.com/ads/san-francisco-flower-power-singer-scott-mckenzie/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=58 "Edit section:
Solange Knowles Follows In Alexa Chungs Footsteps As Face Of" )]

##  Solange Knowles Follows In Alexa Chungs Footsteps As Face Of

,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )

Solange Knowles is one half of the coolest, most fashionable pair of sisters
around. So it tickled us big time to hear that the DJ and model is the new
face of American brand Madewell. J Crew's sister brand has previously had
Britain's favourite cool girl Alexa Chung as the face of Madewell, a
collection whose preppy-meets-granny chic styling couldn't have suited Le
Chung more.

At last the Solange for Madewell pictures have arrived and they are absolutely
GORGEOUS! The youngest Knowles looks perfectly at home in an array of colour
popping separates, clashing prints and Madewell's signature vintage style
classics - cardigans,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), shirts and knitwear a-plenty!

Our absolutely favourite look is the neon green strip cardigan paired with
chambray shirt and black and white polka dot micro shorts. And check out
Solange's ultra-toned legs,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )! Jealous, us? Yes very!

What do you think of Solange's campaign for Madewell? Do you prefer Alexa as
the brand's face? Aaaaand,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), ,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), do you think Solange will too? What could we expect
from this? It goes without saying ! More bold printed short suits? We would
LOVE that,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )! Well worth a sneaky trip to NYC to
go shopping non?!

  
Watch the video below to see the behind the scenes footage of Solange shooting
the "Mix Well" for Madewell collection...

&lt;/address&gt;

Related Theme Articles:

  * [http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=33675&amp;replies=1#post-37179](http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=33675&replies=1#post-37179 "http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=33675&replies=1#post-37179" )
  * <http://www.surfcoastwebservices.com/component/blog/comments.html?pid=23294>
  * <http://blogs.ionis-group.com/iseg/lyon/artytude/2011/10/exposition-portrait-darchitectes-au-palais-de-chaillot.html#comments>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=59 "Edit section:
LFW AW â€™11 Report GILES  Slide Image 7  Shows" )]

##  LFW AW â€™11 Report GILES Slide Image 7 Shows

,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" )

**Giles Deacon's** show took place in the Royal Courts of Justice - a suitable severe and institutional setting with plenty of historical gravitas forthe show that was to follow. After a S/S collection of clashing neon and patterned jumpers we didn't know what to expect - apart from the hunch that Autumn would offer up, to paraphrase Monty Python - something completely different. And so it was. Strict,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ), disciplinarian **Giles**,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), the alter ego of fun-loving, dinosaur bag toting **Giles** had created this collection. The first group of looks were high necked blouses,both fitted and full skirts in a stark combination of black and white. One was even cinched at the waist with black leather bindings. Then appeared a print - the first glimpse of colour; created from the painting,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/ "http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), 'The Execution of Lady **Jane Grey'** which hangs in the National Gallery at the opposite end of the Strand. More colour came in the form of cocktail dresses and sweeping maxi dresses in a deep teal silk satin,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), before the collection culminated with full-on ball gowns embellished with jet black **Swarovski** crystals and generous supplies of horse hair in gleaming glossy black orluxurious cream. Overall, a regal and magical collection,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/ "http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), definitely one to fuel every editor's imagination and inspire them for the coming season.

\- Naomi Attwood

Related Theme Articles:

  * <http://deaf-tv.eu/blogs/posts/etwefs4rg>
  * <http://myanmarlists.com/ads/pioneering-comedian-phyllis-diller-dies-at-age-95-2/>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Etwefa4rg#Brace_yourselves.2C_it.E2.80.99s_the_2011_PIRELLI_CALENDAR.21_.21_.21_Graz>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Etwefd3rg&action=edit&section=60 "Edit section:
Greek tourism rebound needs reforms to last" )]

##  Greek tourism rebound needs reforms to last

ATHENS (Reuters) - Tourists are flocking back to Greece's sun-drenched
islands, drawn by sharply lower prices on offer for Aegean holidays, but the
crisis-hit country will need tough reforms for the rebound in visitors to
last.

Anxious to improve an image tarnished by news footage of bloody street
protests, Greece's top earning sector must cut through the nation's endemic
red tape, which scares away cruise companies and investors, and offer even
better value for money.

Visitors to Greece's tranquil islands and ancient monuments account for nearly
a sixth of the economy and one in five jobs, so a strong tourist sector is
crucial to Athens' plan to emerge next year from its worst recession in four
decades.

"We should not relax and be content with the fact that this looks like a good
year ... we must focus on improving the value,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," said Yannis Retsos,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), head of the Greek hoteliers' association, adding:

"We are pushing the government to make it easier to do business, to attract
new funds: if you want to build a new hotel or add a swimming pool, it should
be simple."

The number of tourists flying in to enjoy Greece's sunsets, picturesque
villages, archaeological sites and Mediterranean cuisine has leapt by nearly
10 percent this year after two years in which income plunged by a fifth due to
the global downturn, violent anti-austerity demonstrations in Athens and
strikes.

The island of Rhodes, whose mediaeval city is popular with British and
Scandinavian tourists, has seen a third more visitors, with arrivals on the
island of Crete up 15 percent.

HOTEL PRICES LOWER

The surge in arrivals is largely due to low prices to entice visitors who were
put off by the violence, which claimed the lives of three bank employees in
one incident last May and strikes that left visitors stranded at ports and
airports.

Hotel room rates have dropped by about 12 percent in the past two years,
Retsos said,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), while inflation jumped, peaking at a
13-year high of 5.6 percent in September.

But Greece is still more expensive than Mediterranean competitors Egypt and
Tunisia, which benefit from cheaper labour costs. These nations lost visitors
due to the political unrest of the Arab Spring, but officials expect them to
return soon.

"There is no way to try to be competitive only on price levels, because there
will always be somebody who is cheaper than you," said George Drakopoulos,
general manager of Greece's main tourism industry body SETE.

Half of the increase in arrivals is due to price cuts, he said with others
coming back to Greece after cancelling last year due to unrest or avoiding
North Africa due to the turmoil there. Israelis also seem to be choosing
Greece over Turkey.

"We cannot cut prices any lower, that's why we push our members to offer
better services, to increase the value for money, we ask the state to do
better promotion, undergo reforms and improve infrastructures," Drakopoulos
said.

Among key reforms needed were a land registry that holiday home buyers and
investors can trust to boost real estate investment, and efforts to extend
tourism beyond a three-month peak summer season focused on beach-goers.

Greece needs to expand from selling itself as a summer, beach-going
destination to attract high-end tourists willing to pay more for cultural and
culinary experiences and keen to travel out of the main summer season to
discover Greece's Byzantine history or sample its wines, analysts say.

"Mykonos 20 years ago and Mykonos now is the same,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), the product hasn't changed, while
Greece is competing with countries like Turkey and Croatia who have evolved
their product," said Diego Iscaro, at IHS Global Insight, referring to the
popular Cycladic destination famous for summer clubbing.

"You can extrapolate that to the rest of the economy," he said. "One way (to
be more competitive) is to cut costs but they will have to look at innovation,
offer higher-value products ... and expand to fast-growing economies."

In its July review of the 110-billion euro bailout that saved Greece from
bankruptcy last year, the European Commission said Athens must agree by the
end of August on a law to facilitate investment in resorts and vacation
complexes, marinas and privatise state real estate.

RED TAPE AND TEAR GAS

But in a nation around the bottom of competitiveness indices because of
stifling corruption and bureaucracy, reforms do not come easy, even in the
prized tourism sector which ministers hope will lead the way in dragging
Greece out of recession.

For instance, a 2010 law meant to boost earnings from the lucrative cruise
ship business failed to reach its objective because of the many restrictions
that remained in place, industry officials said.

More cruises now transit through Greece, said Drakopoulos, but fewer began
their voyages from here because big firms feel stifled by over-burdensome
bureaucracy. Passengers spend about five times more at the start-off point
than on a stop-off.

"(Changing regulations governing cruises) is easy, has no cost, it's simply a
new way of thinking but some people just have to open their eyes," Drakopoulos
said.

Hoteliers, souvenir shop owners and tour operators also face the uncertainty
that an upsurge in violent protests against the EU/IMF plan of tax hikes and
wage cuts meant to pull Greece out of its debt crisis could once more scare
people off.

Last month, after two days of highly-publicised clashes between protesters and
police in Athens' central Syntagma square,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), visitors cancelled nights in the
city's hotels and bookings for the end of the summer slowed down.

"You kill the image, you damage the destination,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), it really hurts," said SETE's Drakopoulos.

Another possible negative could be a government decision to raise VAT paid by
bars and restaurants to 23 from 13 percent, which industry officials warned
could lead to owners simply not declaring income resulting in decreased
revenue for the state.

If Greece succeeds in bringing in 10 percent more from tourism this year, the
trend could help to start the containment of a recession seen at nearly 4
percent of GDP this year after a 4.5 percent contraction last year.

According to an unpublished government-commissioned paper by consultants,
tourism could account for 20 percent of Greece's GDP and one in four jobs by
2020.

"Big crises are also an opportunity for change," the hotels' chief Retsos
said. "We don't want to see just a one-year rebound, we want a sustainable
rebound. It's not easy."

For a factbox on Greece's tourism sector click

(Editing by Peter Millership)

Business TravelerRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.garagesalegallery.net/ads/clues-sought-in-suicide-of-film-director-tony-scot/>
  * <http://galas.club.lc/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/15369>
  * <http://saints.justsmarternow.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/92064>

