As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Triple Play

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 **Triple Play**
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  
**Triple Play** was the 2005 [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) [game](/index.php/Game "Game" ). 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Description" )]

## Description

[![Field at Florida Competition](/media/thumb/2/2a/2005_florida_regional.jpg
/180px-2005_florida_regional.jpg)](/index.php/Image:2005_florida_regional.jpg
"Field at Florida Competition" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2005_florida_regional.jpg "Enlarge" )

Field at Florida Competition

This game was the first game in which there were three robots to an alliance.
It featured pyrimidal objects made of PVC pipe as the game object, called
"tetras." The game was played on a field set up like a tic-tac-toe board, with
nine larger goal tetras in three rows. The object of the game was to place the
scoring tetras on the larger goal tetras, creating rows of three by having a
tetra of your allaince's color at the highest point on the goal. Tetras scored
on the top of a goal tetra (a larger aluminum version) were worth 3 points,
while tetras scored inside the goals were worth 1 point. Rows of three tetras
on top of the goals were worth ten points, so long as the row was there at the
end of the two minute and fifteen second match. Ten points could also be
scored if all three alliance robots were behind the starting line at their end
of the field at the end of the game.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: New
Features" )]

## New Features

[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) introduced several new items in 2005:

  * The [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" ) vision system. [[1]](http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/~cmucam2/ "http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/~cmucam2/" )
  * An [autonomous scripting](/index.php?title=Autonomous_scripting&action=edit "Autonomous scripting" ) system (written by [Kevin Watson](/index.php/Kevin_Watson "Kevin Watson" )). 
  * A pre-designed [transmission](/index.php/Transmission "Transmission" ), which can be assembled by teams. 
  * An advanced [breaker panel](/index.php/Breaker_panel "Breaker panel" ). 
  * [MPLAB](/index.php/MPLAB "MPLAB" ) version 7 and [MCC18](/index.php/MCC18 "MCC18" ) version 2.4 
  * [Fix-it window](/index.php?title=Fix-it_window&action=edit "Fix-it window" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
References" )]

## References

"Triple Play (FIRST)." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. 16 Feb 2006, 16:05
UTC. 16 Feb 2006, 22:19 &lt;[http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Triple_
Play_(FIRST)&amp;oldid=39887949](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Tri
ple_Play_\(FIRST\)&oldid=39887949 "http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=T
riple_Play_\(FIRST\)&oldid=39887949" )&gt;.

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Triple_Play>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Triple_Play
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Triple_Play)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Triple_Play)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Triple_Play)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Triple_Play)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Triple_Play)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Triple_Play&oldid=57659)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 22:21, 18 March 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 9,950 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

