As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Servo

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A **servomechanism**, usually called a **servo** is like a
[motor](/index.php/Motor "Motor" ), expcept that it's axle goes to a specific
place instead of just spinning. They are connected to the [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ) through a
[PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) interface.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Continuous
Rotation Servo" )]

## Continuous Rotation Servo

A Continuous Rotation Servo is a servo capable of rotation past 360Â°. This
allows one to use a continuous rotation servo as a small motor. Such servos
are capable of only full forward, stopped, or full reverse motion. Most servos
of this type are controlled by a [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal whose
width controls the rate of turn.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Standard
Rotation Servo" )]

## Standard Rotation Servo

Most servos are capable of only 90, 180, or 270 degrees of rotation. Such
servos are used for accurate angular positioning of a mechanism. Most servos
of this type are controlled by a [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal whose
width controls the angular position of the servo.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: External
links" )]

##  External links

  * [Servo on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Servomechanism "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Servomechanism" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Servo>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Servo
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Electronics](/index.php/Category:Electronics "Category:Electronics" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Servo)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Servo&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Servo&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Servo&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Servo)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Servo)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Servo)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Servo&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Servo&oldid=86251)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:11, 3 December 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 2,397 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

