As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Lunacy

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Lunacy&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Lunacy&action=edit" )** this
article.  
  
---|---  
  
[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or
section](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Lunacy&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Lunacy&action=edit" ) by expanding
it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php?title=Talk:Lunacy&action=edit "Talk:Lunacy" ) or at [requests
for expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests
for expansion" ).  
---|---  
Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 **Lunacy**
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

Lunacy was the challenge for the 2009 robotics season. This game was played on
a special surface and slick wheels to simulate driving in one-sixth of the
gravity experienced on earth to approximate the conditions on the moon. Each
of six robots pulled a trailer that served as a goal for the opposing
alliance. There were two alliances of three teams each. Alliances had to get
special balls, or "moon rocks", into opposing the alliance's trailers to score
points.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Lunacy&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Game
play" )]

## Game play

During the autonomous period, robots began at designated areas called launch
pads in front of an opposing human player. This year, robots were permitted to
block and pin others to prevent progress as long as they did not entangle one
another. Robots could also use cameras to track and score in other robots by
using vision targets at the top of the trailers. At the sides of the playing
field were outpost stations, where human players known as payload specialists
threw moon rocks into moving trailers. This was also done at the refueling
stations, located at the corners of the field.

During the teleoperated (manual control) period, drivers and operators guided
the robots as they attempted to launch moon rocks into opposing trailers.
Payload specialists also threw cells into trailers during this time.
Additionally, robots could push loose cells into the refueling stations.

Outpost payload specialists could feed an empty cell into a robot, which were
deliver them to the fueling station, where they were switched for super cells,
which were worth 15 points. Only one super cell could be retrieved at a time,
and they could only be used during the last 20 seconds of the match.
Otherwise, they were treated as an empty cell.

