

# User:Steveneu00

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 blood alcohol content of 163 mg / 100 ml
  * 2 Currently
  * 3 then the words Road
  * 4 "Chen Jianming
  * 5 According to local police
  * 6 she thought Ping Xu temporary
  * 7 alleged corruption more than 20 million
  * 8 Chen Yuzhi death on the road.
  * 9 found on the 4th burned Xiali car mirrors and perfume.
  * 10 55 on the 12th
  * 11 "with the patients have nothing to say
  * 12 Police Samaritan was hacked to death
  * 13 only to find themselves deceived.
  * 14 In the summer of 2000
  * 15 refused to release
  * 16 network processing performance.
  * 17 attracting many people crowd around
  * 18 ​​snatch
  * 19 " Our rural areas
  * 20 the Court made the final decision
  * 21 have handcuffs
  * 22 free from political factors
  * 23 local media personnel to follow the coverage.
  * 24 The new game will be the strong performance of
  * 25 Lautenberg said Rich book
  * 26 's server.
  * 27 Long Hua Nanxing restaurant on the 20th
  * 28 Katie arrangements for pregnant women living in a house
  * 29 杨 宗
  * 30 burn extent of the second and third degrees
  * 31 lack of supervision
  * 32 supermarket triggers things bear responsibility
  * 33 the small Ni in the mobile phone business
  * 34 should not handle hurt and the like
  * 35 72 years
  * 36 Jorge Bustamante
  * 37 For example
  * 38 More than 11 points yesterday
  * 39 a virus or bacterium of the disease.
  * 40 because the cellar space is very small
  * 41 executive vice president of American International Group
  * 42 slandering the work in the garlic to the garden workers
  * 43 Charlie Patton
  * 44 Korea Central Daily News columnist wrote
  * 45 the tension baby will be relaxed.
  * 46 's fantasy
  * 47 Reported that fact
  * 48 the case of unsuccessful negotiations
  * 49 one of them pulled out a document showed me
  * 50 without authorization
  * 51 absent 4. Plus on the athletic meets
  * 52 a total of 26 187 price
  * 53 traffic police Lotus punishment.
  * 54 the introduction of the fellow
  * 55 Song of warning people left a call from friends in Ukraine
  * 56 less than the home for money
  * 57 and to help the small text home purchased train tickets.  
---  
  

##  blood alcohol content of 163 mg / 100 ml

's wrong star Lu China. In view of the case has raised a significant impact
and strong concern for the further facts of the case,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
Rudong County Public Security Bureau deployed elite forces to set up a special
depth investigations and visits, inspection and identification and questioning
of the review,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com" ), the cases qualitatively more accurate.
Now identified,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), Miss China the night the Department of
drunken driving (blood alcohol content of 163 mg / 100 ml),[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com" ), reaching the site of the incident,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
knowing that the accident hit the others are still forced to drive fled the
scene, the injured person to implement more than 150 meters causing his
death,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com" ), has been arrested for
murder,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com" ), and called his wife "staged" after the
incident,[herve leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), the nature of the poor, the strong
response. &lt;/p&gt;

(East Public Xuan Guo Xiaochuan)

&lt;p&gt;April 24,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), Rudong County Public Security
Bureau,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), was approved by the local
procuratorate, the suspect arrested for murder Lu Hua execution of arrest.

相关的主题文章：

  * [Under pressure](http://roal211.ejaeworks.com/forums/viewthread/18714/ "http://roal211.ejaeworks.com/forums/viewthread/18714/" )
  * [2-3 individuals.](http://www.yo4.jp/nikki/2011/11/post-201.html#comments "http://www.yo4.jp/nikki/2011/11/post-201.html#comments" )
  * [In July 2007](http://tdfreedomflower.gain.tw/viewthread.php?tid=314&extra= "http://tdfreedomflower.gain.tw/viewthread.php?tid=314&extra=" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  Currently

Currently,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), the labor inspection department this
investigation.&lt;/p&gt;

相关的主题文章：

  * [they can resolve the low-rent housing ".](http://www.zhenrenbaijiale.net/plus/view.php?aid=11469 "http://www.zhenrenbaijiale.net/plus/view.php?aid=11469" )
  * [the two suspects per capita by the police under criminal detention.](http://bbs.btbase.net/viewthread.php?tid=27074&extra= "http://bbs.btbase.net/viewthread.php?tid=27074&extra=" )
  * [are the main culprit](http://dami18.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=13 "http://dami18.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=13" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  then the words Road

&lt;p&gt;12:30 Xu, wedding convoy coming from a residential area a kilometer
away slowly. This luxury fleet of more than 10 Porsche Cayenne. The market
price of the car in more than 80 million to more than 240 million. The new
ride bride wedding car is a Maybach,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), the market price of six million.
"This wedding show and great!" One man said with a corsage at the wedding to
help. In addition to the ultra-luxurious wedding team, even the wedding party
to help the people most of some backing.

Why a coal boss's son married, "alerted the leadership of the Coal Board to go
help

Work when the office door closed

&lt;p&gt;"Special" notice of the Coal Board

's son married, the wedding is not only massive,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), but
also "alerted" the Korean city Coal Board. Surprise, January 24 Japan and
South Korea city of Mulberry Town of economic China coal mine is still
processing, January 28, Korean city MeiTanJu actually send the "Notice" to
participate in another coal bosses son's wedding . &lt;/p&gt;

On the website of the Korean City Federation of Trade Unions,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com"
), an article write Zhu Shouhuai deeds. Mentioned in the text, the 48-year-old
Zhu Shouhuai not only Korean city Longmen yukou Springs Bedding coal mine,
also serves as the Secretary-General of the Association of Coal,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), and
continuous two CPPCC members as a Korean city. Springs Bedding he operated a
coal mine is an annual production capacity of 60,000 tons of township coal
mines, and taxes paid 600 million annually to the state to address the
employment and more than 200 years by the Weinan City and Hancheng City was
awarded the advanced units. The same time, coal bosses Zhu Shouhuai also
enthusiastic about public welfare,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
has donated 20 million yuan for the home roads and the repair of the village
committee, SARS in 2003, has donated 50,000 yuan.

Turned out at 14:10 on January 24, the Korean city of Mulberry Town of
economic China coal mine gas
explosion,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com" ), resulting in two deaths and one
injury. After investigation, the accident was eventually identified as with
the production of the responsibility for gas burning accident, the cause of
the accident is a workers' illegal operation. After the
accident,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), the relevant management staff of the
Coal Board has also been dealt with.

Coal bosses son witnesses one secretary of the Korean city of municipal vice
mayor of the city in charge of security in Korea to the wedding site a
blessing for the two pairs of couples. His new marriage certificate, witnesses
took the couple a marriage certificate, joked, "This is a mining permit.
Everyone a laugh,[herve leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), the master of ceremonies, then the words
Road: mining permit to the new hands on the efforts of mining it,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com" )! "

The witnesses said with a smile marriage certificate is a "mining permit"

11 o'clock yesterday morning from the wedding more than an hour, but the
Yulong Bin outside the Museum of the Korean city is beaming. Hotel banquet
hall,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignegfr.com" ), a more than ten meters long on both
sides of the red carpet, lined with large printing wedding of the couple. Drum
team of dozens of people and Drum team has long been ready, gathered around a
lot of the crowd gathered.

Is probably to send blessings too many people, wedding pre-recorded friends
and family to send Blessing "image to get to the scene to play. Which there
Hancheng City Coal Board Secretary Shi Xinghai period of time he is also the
wedding scene busy.

Wedding master of ceremonies for play by two television presenters. May have
never seen this "battle", the master of ceremonies is the beginning,
"quipped:" I have never seen such a lively wedding scene. "

相关的主题文章：

  * [a total of over 1.06 million yuan.](http://www.razor-esport.de/clans/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1 "http://www.razor-esport.de/clans/index.php?site=forum_topic&topic=1" )
  * [key deformation distortions.](http://hzzhiyou.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=433&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=2561 "http://hzzhiyou.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=433&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=2561" )
  * [Holding Zhu Liang Zhang Lingfei](http://moneyfree.sclub.tw/viewthread.php?tid=50860&extra= "http://moneyfree.sclub.tw/viewthread.php?tid=50860&extra=" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  "Chen Jianming

The case is the most compelling controversy Xiqiao a nightclub or without
responsibility Some lawyers believe, the largest nightclub in the two aspects
of responsibility, in accordance with relevant regulations, no person shall be
illegal to carry firearms, ammunition,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com"
), controlled apparatus or carrying explosive, flammable, poisonous,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
radioactive, corrosive and other hazardous materials and infectious disease
pathogens Go to places of entertainment. The discotheques shall be equipped
with security screening equipment, and personnel to enter the business
premises to carry out safety inspection. In addition, in the event of a
battle, nightclub security guards failed to protect the personal safety of the
scene, "Cai Pepin tried to mediate was stabbed to death can not escape
responsibility in this regard nightclub.

"At that time there was chaos"

Cai Pepin friend mentioned when giving evidence in court,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com" ), himself and a friend to catch the murderer, "I saw Chen
ready to take a motorcycle to leave, so she pulled the motorcycle rear seat,
but the motorcycle accelerated drive away, I was pulled down in the ground and
dragged about three meters, was forced to let go. "

Murderer Chen Jianming readme Road, was drinking with friends in a nightclub,
and take it with a knife. 1:00 go to the bathroom, out of five men blocked the
road, "the two sides began bickering. Each other which one poke to come up
with a black flashlight toward me, I escape, they scare me, I came up with to
carry The switchblade confessed to here,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com" ), Chen Jianming,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com" ), admitted that "someone came and tried to
mediate,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), when the scene was very chaotic."
Finally, he chose the other "sub-minimum" start, was just coming and tried to
mediate Cai Pepin.

&lt;p&gt;Case there is a note at, is the Foshan Intermediate People's Court
summoned a nightclub three employees to testify, their testimony did not
mention the nightclub security to stop quarreling and fighting behavior. Which
witnesses A explicitly mentioned Cai Pepin to and tried to mediate, they would
have tried to mediate,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), but Cai Pepin fell to the ground, "the
people around them spread, Chen Jianming,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
take the elevator downstairs." Witness B, also referred to nightclubs no one
to stop fighting, and no to stop the behavior of the murderer fled,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), said the murderer when they leave,
"while walking up a handful of about 20 cm switchblade folding." witness C is
also proved that the murderer after fleeing the knife folding knife, bright in
the quarrel scene, into the pocket, take the elevator to go. "

No mention of security to prevent the quarrel

Lawyer

Chen Jianming, ten days after the incident, gave himself up in Xi'an, Foshan
Intermediate People's Court in deciding a case, consider this episode.
However, Chen Jianming stabbed because someone hands earlier, he is forced to
fight back this Foshan Intermediate People's Court that several witnesses to
prove Cai Pepin to and tried to mediate, "Chen Jianming, directly after the
two sides dispute stabbed the victim with a knife, subjectively,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpaschera.com" ), there is significant damage
to the victims of intentional and victim to lead to this case has no
responsibility. "ultimately not adopted Chen Jianming, the defense
justifications.

Murderer readme &lt;/p&gt;

Staff testimony

The nightclubs To take responsibility

相关的主题文章：

  * [his behavior constituted a crime of extortion](http://gy520.cer33.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5812&extra= "http://gy520.cer33.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5812&extra=" )
  * [In the early morning of the 15th](http://www.ymmzgz.com/BBS/boke.asp?fzpaulswq.showtopic.23850.html "http://www.ymmzgz.com/BBS/boke.asp?fzpaulswq.showtopic.23850.html" )
  * [Mainland students to spend money posing as foreign students on domestic elite](http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/ "http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  According to local police

According to local police, Lee,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), Tang,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
Kemou,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), Sohn dinner in the matter issued to
fight,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), but the brother I wish a Xiaomou
ongoing shift,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), I wish a had not promised passenger. Lee, then
beat two of the brother, I wish a fight,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
driving taxi launched Lee, Sohn bruises on behalf of classes of Gexiao also
was injured. The three were immediately sent to the hospital for treatment,
but Lee died.

'clock that night,[herve leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), he opened reaching here from the side
mirror to see several passengers and a brother quarrel later I get off the two
sides fought again the after a few people have not stopped. "I do not know how
happened, the taxi suddenly rushed over and crashed into the batterer."
&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;At present,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), I wish a suspicion of intentional
injury,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), crime,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com" ), Tang, Kemou crime of suspected trouble XingJu. The
case is still under further investigation in.

相关的主题文章：

  * [Lida Qiong](http://www.buzixin.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=112&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=1334 "http://www.buzixin.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=112&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=1334" )
  * &lt;a href="<http://d62730.b49.bmedia.it/forum/index.php?topic=140204.msg227674#msg227674>" target="_blank"&gt;involving a total value of $ 65 million. Now seven suspects were arrested&lt;/a&gt;
  * [seeks compensation over 120](http://www.shareyourholiday.com/index.php/User:Wangweit95#seeks_compensation_over_120 "http://www.shareyourholiday.com/index.php/User:Wangweit95#seeks_compensation_over_120" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  she thought Ping Xu temporary

It turned out that the cloud iron Yao and his wife, Xu Xu as early as five
years ago disappearance. 1998, Xu Xu office in the City, relocation an
accountant, she embezzled 70 million to escape, while Yao Yun iron Foreign
Trade Bureau in the city when the driver, the work is pretty good, he also
accompanied his wife with a young child with desperate End of the World.

Ping Xu also took a fancy to the beautiful Xu Xu, contributed to the marriage
of her uncle. She never thought that what she saw in this beautiful aunt, many
years later became a behind the instigation of his uncle to kill her "black
hands"!

Ping Xu's family said Yao Yun iron couple originally did not work, or Alex to
help solve the problem. Even ingratitude repay, will not have the frenzied
killing of pro-niece With the understanding of the situation, they have to
allow the police to doubt Yao micaceous iron ...

Crazy man love The Fugitive

It may be strange, Yao Yun iron couple is not her daughter. Asked the little
girl, my mother she said to her before leaving to stay two contact her aunt,
and the other does not know who the phone. Investigators that unknown phone is
Yao Yun iron couples.

Xu Ping's brother said that the driver was their uncle Yao cloud iron! But the
uncle has been missing for five years, how he would suddenly appear Uncle, how
could kill pro-niece also postmortem wasteland

&lt;p&gt;In any case, the police decided to find Yao Yun iron couple say. But
the years that followed,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), the Panjin Interpol brigade to Jilin,
Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, Beijing, Jiangsu, Hunan and other places to find clues
such as Yao Yun iron and Xu Xu couple disappear from the earth like without a
trace. Fast forward to early 2008, the police said: Yao Yun iron a three is
likely to change the public the identity of the case, find the two daughter
may be a breakthrough of the case. Crime Unit withstand heavy pressure, and
finally found a primary school in Beijing, Yao Yun iron daughter.

One afternoon in July 2008, fleeing a five-year Yao micaceous iron finally
appeared, even though his appearance has changed a lot, so much older, but the
police or one recognized him. The net cloud iron Yao and Xu Xu almost the same
time he was arrested.

The hands of re-money, Yao Yun iron eventually did not get what he wants
happiness. Not long after the killings, one day, his wife, Xu Xu suddenly
walked out, took her daughter. Leave Yao Yun iron, Xu Xu daughter to Beijing,
and then she told a small men living together.

Wife greedy 700,000

PROCEEDINGS: "I hate them (Ping Xu) is so rich, but in our most difficult
times we ignore the regardless ... I am after, our family flies bitter on the
outside, in particular, want to go home. He (Xu Fengshan) capabilities can
help us settle things. but he just wants the official position of his own
reputation, not only does not help, but also permit us to come back to their
home too unfeeling, they do anything they want in the elm, fame We can only
incognito exile all day to live a life of fear! "

Had been accustomed to the luxury life of the PROCEEDINGS, not how long it
took the money to toss light. Seeing living in poverty, she instigated her
husband to the sister to borrow money, she felt, her husband and sister money,
it should take more money to aid them. Yao Yun iron has always been his wife,
then follow our advice, he rushed to the big sister to borrow money, but
touched with a bloody nose. The loaned not borrow chanting, Yao Yun iron not
think there is, it touches Xu Xuhuai hate in mind.

Try holding the idea, the police decided to take the initiative intends
through the network to find the suspect's information, such as his account. I
did not expect really to check out the above which there are frequent records
of transactions. The police accordingly locked area, frequented by Yao Yun
iron layout of the police force waiting.

's production batch of polypropylene in two batches sold in Beijing and
Xinjiang. At this point, the police suddenly remembered vague Beijing
Changping Area Commercial City "bags on there, so put the focus on the
Beijing. Then, came a major information: December 27, 28, in the Dalian
Wafangdian territory, and Yingkou Gaizhou territory, have been found in body
bags. Through DNA testing, these three premises postmortem pieced together two
of the body of a woman, but no head. &lt;/p&gt;

With age, the uncle and niece, the situation has undergone great changes. Ping
Xu's father Xu Fengshan career is proud of the way when the Yushu City Vice
Mayor. After graduation, Ping Xu a soldier in service, but with the uncle
never uninterrupted, that the uncle did not work, she also begged his father
to uncle arrangements to be leading drivers of the most beautiful organ - City
Foreign Trade Bureau.

The pillow wind from the murderous

September 2007, Xu Fengshan Mafia was sentenced to death two years reprieve,
his son Xu Wei was sentenced to death. This father and son have violated the
criminal law, should receive legal punishment,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), and
Ping Xu actually a "rich and unsympathetic" to be killed by the pro-uncle, all
the evil because the greed of the sky, this is how heavy!

Femme fatale Shi deadly trap

However, when Xu Xu back to indicate the money has been removed, Yao Yun Rail
said: "Madeleine, uncle,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), I am sorry you are." And niece alive
strangle. Two body decomposition, Yao Yun iron body parts from Beijing shipped
out, were thrown in Panjin, Liaoning, Dalian and other places near the highway
...

One day in August 1970, Yao Yun iron was born in Yushu City suburb ex
education Township wealthy village. At home is the
smallest,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), and Xu Ping's mother is the boss at
home, and she especially loved the youngest brother. More than a month later,
also in this village, his niece Ping Xu was born.

The murderer is why the three dead bodies for financial gain, or seek color
Police analysis, dead head, the murderer to conceal their identity.

Police found by looking at the highway video surveillance, early as 7:00 on
the 25th, a Blue Jays to enter the Panjin sections, then go through the
direction of Yingkou, Dalian. The sections of this route and found the corpse
package. The case becomes clearer, police adjust to see the recording of
charges at the charges, the driver looks very clear. Photo printing,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), take the Xu family to identify a
result, the Xu family suddenly dumbfounded, how could he

Yao Yun iron: "She said, Laojiu you my hand loosely, Le good pain give her
loosened his hands Le purple I said OK, I relented, after all, she is my own
niece, we talked will be things at home to help her massage. we wept ... "

Originally has deep feelings for the pro-uncle, why would an early age to play
big niece so murderous And listen to the cloud iron Yao and Xu Xu said.

At this time, Xu Xu angry, she said to her husband, since no soft, it is to
hard, since she and her father and mother unfeeling,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), we
do not have to politely tell her. Not long after, the couple find the reason
Ping Xu fool Beijing home, Ping Xu and accompanying companion captured the
hearts of food mixed with sleeping pills. Subsequently, the deranged couple
brutally Xu Ping's companions alive strangled!

Although the the PROCEEDINGS talk about Ping Xu a teeth, but in
fact,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the original or Ping Xu match she and
her uncle's marriage, even her work is the Xu family to help arrange.

Fly in trouble

Ping Xu, a moment,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), wake up, his mouth was
stuffed with cloth of her ambiguity saying something desperate and begging
eyes, Yao Yun iron in his life did not forget!

Ping Xu, 33-year-old, single, who lives in Changchun. December 22, she and a
girlfriend, opened a Bluebird cars from Changchun to Beijing. Later, after a
DNA test,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com
"http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), another body of a woman is Ping Xu
friend. Followed by disappearance, as well as retro Blue Jays.

In the case of a deadlock, a mysterious phone into the Panjin City Public
Security Bureau. Phone is a female police officer named Young light, that the
mysterious person asked Young light not recognize recognize Ping Xu. Ping Xu
Yang's light a comrade in arms, who lives in Yushu City, call Ping Xu's
brother, he said Xu Ping has been for several days did not go home. He went to
the bureau a check, Ping Xu was last seen play the last call to Young light.

Yao Yun iron: "At that time, I really love her (PROCEEDINGS), she took that
money can not tell me, a man ran out and enjoy life, but she took me to go
with, I think you want to life the her. "

In fact, the beautiful Xu Xu, the heart was very vicious, she has not
commensurate with the degree "to". Her junior high school graduation did not
come out wherever they went, a large entertainment city, a small restaurant in
the fields of a wide range of heart was lifted up. Marriage, although the help
of Xu Ping, her into the effectiveness of a good unit, she was sinking, greedy
heart is not law-abiding, and even take the risk of corruption 700,000 of
public funds. Seeing became public, she took her husband and children fled.

Work pays, after careful search, the police finally discovered in Linyi,
Shandong, Xu Xu traces. Supposedly found PROCEEDINGS, you should find the Yao
Yun iron, may be new problems. Police after tracking Xu Xu, unexpectedly found
that men living together with Xu Xu is not Yao Yun iron Yao Yun iron has not
appeared.

At this time, Young light back to the carefully thought for a moment, a few
days ago, Ping Xu indeed called her a phone, when Xu Ping said she wanted to
go out to do business the way, may be passing
Panjin,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), long time not seen, when looking for
her to gather Poly. Young light left, right, etc. can, also do not follow, she
thought Ping Xu temporary, there has been something else, so did not care.

In their carrot and stick, Ping Xu say bank cards, Xu Xu then go to the
cashier. Renowned for their aunt out, Ping Xu for help to his uncle.

At the moment, that the things of the unknown body parts in the disc camps
highway found for professional sensitive to the light heart of Young suddenly
taut. Although the identification of the death of two of the body of a woman,
but she much thought, try holding the mind to Ping Xu family went to the
phone. Xu Ping's brother immediately rushed to the Panjin, through DNA testing
to determine a woman's body is his sister, Xu Ping!

Police had originally intended to hands-on arrest, hesitated, afraid to arouse
his suspicions. Police also very confused, Yao Yun iron exactly where to go,
did not he had been killed, otherwise how could he tolerate the beloved wife
cohabiting with another man So the police began to in PROCEEDINGS rental near
Dunshou can keep for months, still no traces of iron Yao Yun.

US wife faithless walked

It can be said Yao Yun iron and Ping Xu is an early age to play with to, the
relationship is particularly good. And because of personality differences,
Ping Xu do not like to play together with two brothers, but very dependent on
his uncle, by the bully, always looking for the uncle to come forward to help.

Seeing borrow money towards large Guzi hopeless, the PROCEEDINGS again
thoughts go to the Ping Xu body. Ping Xu in business, business is good, there
are tens of millions of net worth. Xu Xu, Ping Xu a single person, location,
economic conditions, and she and her husband since childhood deep feelings,
they are in trouble, she should pull a. However, contrary to Xu Xu
surprisingly, a few phone calls, it comes to borrow money, Ping Xu
prevarication on the matter.

It stands to reason, Xu Xu embezzlement of public funds, the crime is less
than family members, Yao Yun iron why along with fugitive It turned out that
he is an out "henpecked" on the beautiful and charming wife after the
marriage, he is all sorts of love, toe, there is no ability to judge right
from wrong. As long as his wife, let him do what he is without considering the
consequences.

相关的主题文章：

  * [in the Caijia Tian district](http://wap126.zxq.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3533&extra= "http://wap126.zxq.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3533&extra=" )
  * [April 30](http://www.discuz-x.com.nu/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=13730 "http://www.discuz-x.com.nu/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=13730" )
  * [Kamatani Police Station in Chiba Prefecture will Asano](http://bbs.dashangxx.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=4 "http://bbs.dashangxx.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=4" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  alleged corruption more than 20 million

&lt;p&gt;Linlian Fang, now 60 years old, secondary education, who lives in
Licheng District. In 1988-2008,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), he served as Director of
Quanzhou City Government reception. From 1988 to the present, he was the
Quanzhou government-appointed as general manager of Fujian Quanzhou Hotel
(SOEs). From 1989 to last August, he was appointed to the Board chairman and
general manager of the Quanzhou Hotels Quanzhou Hotel.

The date of this much public attention in Quanzhou case hearing.

Charge Springs wine for 20 years, he led the hotel to achieve the "triple
jump" for the hotel set a "contribution". Pro retirement, he puts the "black
hand" toward state-owned assets. In court, his expression of deep
repentance,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), "and now come this far, I only himself
to blame.

Yesterday, in Quanzhou Intermediate People's Court, the former hotel manager
in Quanzhou Lin Lianfang first instance court for trial, he is alleged to have
committed three offenses: alleged corruption more than 20 million, taking
bribes of more than 200 million illegal possession of firearms. Together with
Lin Lianfang trial, as well as financial accounting Quanzhou Hotel, Director
Lin Ying, she was accused of alleged corruption.

He has made major contributions toward

The growth of spring wine

With In Lin Lianfang behind, was remanded to the court, is one of the faces of
handsome, bespectacled woman. Her name is Lin Ying,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
aged 38, college culture, Quanzhou Hotel financial
accounting,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), director of.

[Man and his deeds]

[Courtroom]

Court, his gaunt, furrowed forehead,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), and
an original black hair,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), now gray. Faced with the
temptation of money, the occasion of his upcoming retirement, embarked on a
path of no return. &lt;/p&gt;

More than 70 state-owned enterprise staff, came from all over to attend the
case. Handcuffed Lin Lianfang escorted into the court, I saw him than before
old many an otherwise dark hair, now gray.

9 pm, the bailiff escorted, handcuffed, Lin Lianfang slowly walked into the
court. And compared to the image of the high-spirited before the debut media
Lin Lianfang at this time has been a marked weight loss and a lot of old
faces,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), it is extremely emaciated, the original
UFA has now become a white-haired. Entered the court, he turned around and
looked around to the gallery,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), brow furrowed.

Court, the the dossier foot placed in front of the Prosecutor a foot tall.
Because of the complexity of the case, the trial continued from 9:00 to 4:00
pm,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), more than seven hours.

8 o'clock yesterday morning, the hearing time before the court of the Quanzhou
Intermediate People's Court, over half the seats to be filled. These people to
the gallery, more than 70 personnel of state-owned enterprises, most of them
are corporate executives and financial officers. The same time,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), the
case also attracts local Quanzhou almost all the media coming to attend.

Lin Lianfang have become the focus of media attention, not only because of his
"special status", but before him, where the unit in Quanzhou local
"visibility".

70 state-owned enterprises officers "testimony" boss on trial

相关的主题文章：

  * [the offense of destruction of production and operation](http://bbs.002.hk/viewthread.php?tid=207556&extra= "http://bbs.002.hk/viewthread.php?tid=207556&extra=" )
  * [and refused to testify. Since last week](http://renowntown.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=341465&extra= "http://renowntown.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=341465&extra=" )
  * [three people were said to Hui District south bank](http://www.gxjx.com.cn/thread-34570-1-1.html "http://www.gxjx.com.cn/thread-34570-1-1.html" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  Chen Yuzhi death on the road.

Yanfeng Ge gone, the Kou Jiexiang anger not disappeared, and took the stool
legs to Westinghouse to play mother, and later took a long ax, ax to fight
mother.

"My grandmother was my dad killed 11-year-old Lily said," That afternoon,[ray
ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), my dad does not know where it is drunk,
came back hit my milk and my my dad fight some time ago I milk , I milk afraid
to go to my old regardless of home for a month. "

Chen Yuzhi said to ourselves to give and then pull back. Cigarette robbed of
the Kou Jiexiang thrust the mother, the hands down throw: "You guys gave me
into the room." When the two went to the
door,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), Kou Jiexiang pick up the door of a
wooden bench to play the mother's back,[herve leger
dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
the Chen Yuzhi overthrow to the ground.

&lt;p&gt;Saw her daughter to her grandmother helped into the East housing,
Koujie Xiang stool and broke holding the stool legs Chen Yuzhi the one hand
playing bleeding. The neighbors Yanfeng Ge to persuade them not to call his
home, and grabbed the hands of the stool legs thrown into the courtyard from
the window.

's house something to pull over " &lt;/p&gt;

That Seoul boom town police station at 9:30 on July 26, the case be
transferred to the Jingyu County Public Security Bureau of Criminal
Investigation Brigade. Investigators rushed to the scene investigation: Chen
Yuzhi Westinghouse north side, as kang,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), kang shop red
and yellow foam board, there are a lot of rub rub like bloodstains, kang the
east side of the wall are three irregular rub rub like bloodstains. By autopsy
to determine the dead line was hurt by others to death.

June 22 this year, Hakusan City Intermediate People's Court of first instance
verdict,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), intentional Koujie Xiang guilty of
assault, sentenced to death, deprived of political rights for life.

Call the police is the Koujie Xiang's nephew, the Kou Guihai subsequent Koujie
Xiang was taken to the police station for interrogation.

"I went to the Koujie Xiang took a bench legs are knock kang edge, his mother,
his daughter sitting in the East house white picket fence, the old lady with
his right hand over his left hand, left hand bleeding. I entered the room put
Koujie Xiang hands the stool legs to grab down thrown out the window, then
down Koujie Xiang's mother went out and drink plenty of water, his daughter
Xiakang,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), I asked his mother, daughter to
Westinghouse. I Koujie Xiang little bit too much, he said, 'Tonight I killed
her,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), I sent her '. originally wanted the Kou
Jiexiang in East housing to sleep for a while, he does not sleep, I pulled him
outside, I advised him for a moment outside the hospital, to see what he said
very good,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), and I left "Yanfeng Ge said.

"My dad milk,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), I said, 'Who told you to go to her old
Kou home ' Milk and said, 'Did not you bowl fell to the ground thrust me away
you ' My father said nothing, and took a stool to play I milk a few times, he
stopped, only then my milk up into the house, go to East housing on the kang.
my dad this time from the outside and broke a wooden stool, take the the stool
Tuiyou come in to play my milk. "Lili said, the grandmother of her brother had
just then come back three or four days.

Death of the way transfers for the elderly

The day of, Kou Jiexiang the adopted son Kougui Chun corn fertilizer. 17:30
Xu,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), that the adoptive father assaulted her
grandmother quickly home. See Koujie Xiang took the ax, said: "who entered the
house tonight on chopped who." Kougui Chun immediately to call relatives,
relatives came after Chen Yuzhi sent to Seoul H-town hospitals, doctors turn
to fight oxygen let Jingyu county hospital, Chen Yuzhi death on the road.

Neighbors persuaded to no avail

相关的主题文章：

  * [According to the insider](http://ifno.org.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5006 "http://ifno.org.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5006" )
  * [to call the families of the two. See](http://web9820534.dx1008.zgasp.com/plus/view.php?aid=46497 "http://web9820534.dx1008.zgasp.com/plus/view.php?aid=46497" )
  * [the price of 32](http://youdianqi.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=133&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=13975 "http://youdianqi.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=133&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=13975" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  found on the 4th burned Xiali car mirrors and perfume.

Zhang said,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), April 30,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), May
4, May 8, Liu has burned a total of smashed nine vehicles. The general use of
stone, a hammer and smashed the car and taken away after the items inside the
car, with a lighter,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), cigarette butts clothes,[herve
leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), litter bins at the point of burning
cars. Was arrested,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), he had just burn Ai car, Ai
found,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), he immediately fled to hiding.

, Liu on suspicion of arson, criminal detention,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), the case is under further
investigation.

&lt;p&gt;In the face of the evidence, Liu confessed his crimes. Liu said that
before he drove to a boss,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), open is an old Santana, the boss always
scolded him, saying he was "poor boy with only the open car. Mentally
unbalanced,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), he particularly despised a bit of
money car broken, smashed cars burning car theft of car items from April
30,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), the majority of vehicles are
low-grade car.

's residence searched, found on the 4th burned Xiali car mirrors and perfume.
&lt;/p&gt;相关的主题文章：

  * &lt;a href="[http://www.scuolamia.net/profile.php?user=Lbdgx888&amp;v=comments](http://www.scuolamia.net/profile.php?user=Lbdgx888&v=comments "http://www.scuolamia.net/profile.php?user=Lbdgx888&v=comments" )" target="_blank"&gt;Drug addicts hostage-taking four hours were killed (Figure)&lt;/a&gt;
  * ["opened the door](http://drawingnow.codegenies.com/user/blogs/view/name_Yihg3rte147/id_359837/title_Nike-Air-Force-Ones-Fixing-Your-Credit-Score/ "http://drawingnow.codegenies.com/user/blogs/view/name_Yihg3rte147/id_359837/title_Nike-Air-Force-Ones-Fixing-Your-Credit-Score/" )
  * [we still hope that the child's parents took her to go After all](http://bbs.yt.lanfw.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=686677&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=8606 "http://bbs.yt.lanfw.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=686677&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=8606" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  55 on the 12th

13 pm,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), the police after a large number of Mopai
work,[herve leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), and finally the man in the picture -
about 40 years old by locals of a find. A arm on the process,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
there are many suspicious injuries, police ordered to bring back their
interrogation. Under strong pressure,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), the process soon
admitted killed Zhu facts of the crime. According to confess,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), both recognize in the second half
of last year,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com
"http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), developed into lovers. 12
evening,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), drank three bottles of beer the
process to the Internet cafe to find
Zhu,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), and proposed a sexual relationship, but
was Zhu refused,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), pulling in was also scratched
his arm. Enraged process firmly grabbed the neck of Zhu to its suffocation and
death.

Skynet" video was found at 22:55 on the 12th, a man riding a
bicycle,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), carrying a rechargeable flashlight in
the cafe door and looked around. "From the point of view of the screen, he was
nothing like to the internet cafe." The police concluded that this person
suspected of committing the crime. &lt;/p&gt;

相关的主题文章：

  * [was crossing the road](http://www.aaffair.com/social/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=739 "http://www.aaffair.com/social/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=739" )
  * [or to the little garden](http://www.zhangguoqing.net/plus/view.php?aid=1946 "http://www.zhangguoqing.net/plus/view.php?aid=1946" )
  * [According to the police](http://www.haowma.com/game/home/space.php?uid=3442&do=blog&id=19782 "http://www.haowma.com/game/home/space.php?uid=3442&do=blog&id=19782" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  "with the patients have nothing to say

&lt;p&gt;With sentencing today there is a "Yituo" a. Her posing as a treatment
to patients, and to boast to others doctor "Miaoshouhuichun" deceive the
number of patients to the clinic doctor purchase of medicines.

Solution of a: "are pulled from the field to Beijing, tour doctor chanting."

Court after the interview

Solution of a: "with the patients have nothing to
say,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" )! Had knees and begged me to see a doctor
has now cured for."

Solution of a: "No,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), to promote tourism."

's office visits at the doctor's identity is actively involved in fraud.
Involved in the fraud amounted to more than 40,000 yuan. &lt;/p&gt;

Solution of a: "too bad done."

&lt;p&gt;Seven were captured,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), the president of
solutions and a contractor flexor a refund a total of 60,000 yuan.

The court held that the solution of a seven illegal possession for the purpose
of defrauding the behavior of other people's property,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com"
), the common method of fictitious facts,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), conceal the truth,[herve
leger dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), to constitute fraud. Solution of a
hospital director and contractor flexor because of the loss of compensation
for the victim received a lighter punishment, are sentenced to three
years,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), a fine of $
3,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ),000 to $ 4,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ),000; other three surgeries
contractor won four years and four months to four years two months and four
years imprisonment; visits at the doctor surnamed Yin and Yituo a million as
an accomplice, was sentenced to two years six months and one year two months
in prison and a fine.

Solution of a: "This is the general situation of the private hospital,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
can only be regarded as malicious competition."

Solution of a: "Of course, I drive to the hospital nine years, cure can do "

相关的主题文章：

  * [the explosive devices failed to detonate due to malfunction](http://www.cloudsurfing.com/site/1660-B2evolution/profile/ "http://www.cloudsurfing.com/site/1660-B2evolution/profile/" )
  * [Lee is a local hotel security](http://www.988xp.com/home/space.php?uid=24141&do=blog&id=112420 "http://www.988xp.com/home/space.php?uid=24141&do=blog&id=112420" )
  * [The man that grandniece abuse killing two family](http://www.travelqna.org/travel/blog/space.php?uid=19445&do=blog&id=165723 "http://www.travelqna.org/travel/blog/space.php?uid=19445&do=blog&id=165723" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  Police Samaritan was hacked to death

Public Security Bureau pro persuade fugitive's family

As the case material, the year after the incident, the police immediately set
up a "6.13" task force investigation, less than a
month,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), people involved were arrested one after
another, and has to be punished by law, but one suspects involved in the
assault police Jian,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), a "disappeared", has been
heard from since.

Said 57-year-old Yuan Jinchang,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), 12 years ago
that "struggle" is still fresh in our memory. He said that was the body in
Mito, abdomen, intestines slide out a bone stabbed off. "Although almost lost
their lives, but do not regret, if you encounter such a situation, I still
do," said Yuan Jinchang, during hospitalization, when he Chongqing Party
Secretary He Guoqiang made a special trip to the hospital and he expressed
sympathy. One and a half months later, he left the hospital after being
awarded the title of two heroes.

"The police station, police can we " A man, suddenly harsh fan Yuan Jinchang a
slap in the face and threatened to "fight that the police". Yuan Jinchang is
to stop young people, impulsive behavior, a man drew a long knife stabbing
from behind Yuan Jinchang. In the process of struggle with the criminals
who,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), Yuan Jinchang seriously injured.

Xiongliang Jun is the past, "6.13" task force of police investigators,
received a phone call, he immediately led the drive to Guizhou. After more
than five hours of bumpy, finally saw the Jian. "The day finally came, I break
out." To see the police, Jian a long sigh.

Li see the security was outnumbered and was beaten badly, loudly call for
help. Any of the instructors of Civil Aviation Chongqing Municipal Authority
police station Yuan Jinchang home watching
TV,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), hear sounds and immediately ran to
help. "You can not such a bully a weak woman!"

&lt;p&gt;Suspects: I have broken up

Police Samaritan was hacked to death

This year, the city police to carry out since the Qing network operations ",
Jiangbei District Public Security Bureau set up by Secretary Wang Zhiyong, the
first responsible person of the pursuit group, to arrest Jian a. Zhiyong led
to dozens go Banan Jian a home, to their friends and relatives repeatedly
clarifying the legal, sensible, reasonable, analysis voluntarily surrender to
the passive "arrest" of interest, urged Jian a early date gave himself up.

Fugitives call Interpol phone surrendered

The expense of police daughter inherited his father

It is reported that the courageous sacrifice of police week Albert LAM was
awarded a hero title. Zhou Yan,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), his daughter was 20 years old, his
father left, she said, "to inherit his father,[herve leger
dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
when an honorable police". At present, Zhou Yan, vice squad of the Civil
Aviation Chongqing Public Security Bureau, while her husband is a police
officer.

Trial in Jiangbei vice squad room, talking about his behavior, Jian a regret.
Jian said the incident that day, he drank very drunk, just remember that he
had punched and kicked the police the next day to watch the news after a
police dead. More than a decade, he has been incognito live frightened.

Sound

Subsequently, the police spent the whole night Jian a back to Chongqing. Upon
review, Jian a right colluded with others to cause trouble and killed by
police weeks Mr Albert Lam Chi confessed to the crime.

Hear the cry went to help more and more people, more than a dozen assailants
rushed quickly escape. Suffered a several times weekly Albert LAM hot pursuit,
riding a tricycle and chase a few hundred meters. Unfortunately, Mr Albert Lam
Chi Zhou always fell on the tricycle.

In the morning of November 9 this year, the Jiangbei Interpol detachment
responsible Xiongliang Jun's phone suddenly rang, connected to a voice: "I am
Jian a, I am willing to give themselves up in Jinsha County, Guizhou Province
Bijie area, I ask you to to pick me up. "

Heard crying for help weeks Albert LAM run over, when he was chief of the
Civil Aviation Chongqing Municipal Administration of Public Security Bureau of
Fire. Albert LAM weeks with five or six tall and fought against the suddenly
someone knife the middle of his key. Subsequently, the criminals make up a
several times.

People ugly, but also to walk around. "Several youth suddenly on Li hands and
feet. Afraid of Li Ganjin Wang family member courtyard run. Family member
courtyard duty security is rising to help Li stopped the man after him.
Behold, two men burst into the family member courtyard directly with a knife,
continue to insult Li. "How you could be so insulting a woman!" Security
approached discourage, results are beaten black and blue, the body is injured.

Injured in the police: I do not regret shot

A return visit

'clock in the evening too, the Civil Aviation Authority workers of Chongqing
Li (pseudonym), Barber home from the outside, just went to the dark aisles of
the two village of,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), Jiangbei small Court of Civil
Aviation family wings, and almost hit the next several passing young people
floating in the air with the taste of alcohol. &lt;/p&gt;

"Escape misfortune to live frightened," said Jian a fugitive when his son is
not yet full 1-year-old,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), and later learned that his wife took his
son away from home, so far no news, "the son of 14 years old should be junior
high school, talking,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), Jian a shed a tear.

相关的主题文章：

  * [February 28](http://iryde.ca/blogs/entry/Mr-Han-four-turn-Hwang-s-body-dug-up-and-put-into-bags "http://iryde.ca/blogs/entry/Mr-Han-four-turn-Hwang-s-body-dug-up-and-put-into-bags" )
  * [but they are not to appoint guardians of the baby girl](http://bamboo.youpost.info/viewthread.php?tid=12257&extra= "http://bamboo.youpost.info/viewthread.php?tid=12257&extra=" )
  * [Mistress, leading his men took away a major suspects have been detained and interrogated CEOs case drop](http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/ "http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  only to find themselves deceived.

Wenyou is unemployed for a long-term idle. In order to get money, he came up
with a plan to compile a trumped-up unit - Fangshan District,[herve leger
dress](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
Beijing Home of Love Senior Apartment project headquarters, and falsely
claimed that the unit is under the Ministry of Civil Affairs of state-owned
enterprises, specializing in long-Town, Fangshan
District,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), Longquan Lake apartments for the
elderly the implementation of construction projects, and he is the
headquarters of the three handles,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), can decide the choice of the construction
units. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;In order to be able to successfully swept the works,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), Xiaomou from April 2011 to August,
divided many times more than 400 million in cash to the named Ma. Named Ma
after the money is received,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), not only did not
leave the receivables certificate, but also engineering problems has been
delayed. Xiaomou can not help but doubt repeatedly been
rejected,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), then to the Fangshan District, field
trips, only to find themselves deceived.

In order to do realistic, named Ma is not only produced a related card, also
produced the seal of the unit,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
publicity everywhere. Later named Ma know Xiaomou,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com"
), Xiaomou company is responsible for project
construction,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), so Xiaomou please Wenyou help to
attract elderly apartment project engineering. Named Ma agreed, but to Xiaomou
ask for a margin of more than 400 million,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), he claimed that the money
will be returned to the coffers of the company also committed to the project
started in the deposit will be returned.

相关的主题文章：

  * ['s license Xiao Ming panic](http://www.cliquenote.org/index.php/members/home "http://www.cliquenote.org/index.php/members/home" )
  * [And leaving Mr Chow angry](http://www.daguotuan.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=661 "http://www.daguotuan.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=661" )
  * [and sentenced them to three years in prison.](http://www.gmyt8.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=573 "http://www.gmyt8.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=573" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  In the summer of 2000

"I hate my daughter, how so confused, I know how to kill Zhang Shu-Hung told
the family." Him for his daughter was arrested, the family saw her again. She
just said that Zhang's fool, did not know other details. Him for his trying to
persuade her daughter confessed, for leniency.

Two anonymous pull Zhang Shu Hung

"Too bad, if he were arrested at an early date, it is estimated that less dead
several people."

Market rumors, in July 1998, Zhang Shu that their daughter is a big brother
with his wife born daughter Pianzhi to the rental of one killed and
postmortem.

Li Guilin, of about twenty seven in the twelfth lunar month of 1998, Lee
received a strange anonymous letter, 32 paper write the letter said Chun
perianth trafficking. The Lee family will be a letter forwarded to the police,
the Public Security Bureau of Jilin Chuanying search the Teng station police
station of the police in accordance with the address mentioned in the letter
to find results show that the names and addresses mentioned in the letter are
false.

"He always looked on the gun, bullets and knives, scissors and other items
under the pillow." Juan said, the day,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), the
two quarreled in 1990, filed for divorce, Zhang Shu Hung beat Juan meal. "He
grabbed my neck tightly, seeing the breath does not come angry." Juan recalls,
so he Zhang Shu-red foot-washing water spilled, water splashing in one place,
and together they fell to the ground. At this point, climb up to take
advantage of Zhang Shu Hung pillow to take things to take advantage of ran out
of the house shouted for help. Subsequently, Juan was taken to hospital. Juan
said that she told the local police station, Zhang Shu-red guns and other
items were confiscated by the police. Eventually, they divorced on December
25,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), 1991.

According to Juan's brother, when they rushed to the vice squad, Interpol has
said that after the arrest of Zhang Shu Hung account,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), he has
repeatedly track his sister Juan, but also to the lay violent hands.
Eventually died of Juan around people, he did not have the opportunity to
start, Juan was lucky enough to escape.

Interview, several families of the victims, said Zhang Shu red before the
arrest, the police because of missing cases, twice summoned Zhang Shu red, but
eventually be released for unknown reasons. Was twice summoned before the
market rumors,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), Zhang Shu Hung and inexplicable
release, Jilin Public Security Bureau officials said they will set up a
working group to investigate the matter.

The families of the victims questioned:

According to Li Chunhua sister said Zhang Shu Hung arrested on several
occasions came to their village.

Zhang Shu Hongcheng recognize the killing of daughter

The other the father of missing persons

Ten years ago her daughter had disappeared

Zhang pillow has possession of firearms and ammunition

Li Yan Qiu father:

12 years ago, daughter of migrant workers missing

&lt;p&gt; Ex-wife Zhang Shu-Hung Juan recalls:

Born a daughter and brother Zhang Shu Hung

Was twice summoned to why they be put

Hope that their daughter confessed

Time, Zhang Shu told her that his master gave him fortune teller said, the
wife of Juan hard life, you must get a divorce, and otherwise bad for him.
Thus, Zhang Shu, convinced, he and his wife filed for divorce.

In divorce proceedings, Zhang Shu has been crying, said he was very sorry.
"Juan said, after a divorce, a three exported riverside shoot photos, eating a
meal. After the divorce,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), Zhang Shu remarried, but none too
much time, he had looked for Juan, and indicated a wish to remarry, be
rejected.

Juan recalls, her daughter was born,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
Zhang Shu daughter is not already born, but daughter loved, each time going
out to buy back all the good things to her daughter. Husband and wife both
divorce, the daughter of award Juan. Daughter is beautiful, love to
dance,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), Juan determined to develop a
good daughter. A result, in 1998, Zhang Shu suddenly find Juan said, for the
minimal needs, daughter commuted under his dependents can receive lower
premiums, but the daughter has been reluctant to live together with Zhang Shu
Hung. Finally, Zhang Shu-red of repeated requests, Juan agreed. "How has been
your daughter did not come to dance." Sent Zhang Shu red house on the fifth
day of her daughter, her daughter's teacher a phone call. Looking for his
daughter in his family to Lee, Chang Shu red face, a little expression have
not said, "My daughter is the first day left, I do not know where to go."
Subsequently, Juan and his family around to find and the police, is still
newspaper a notice of missing person, but has been no news of her daughter's.

In the summer of 2000, Lee received a strange letter, said Chun the perianth
sold Huadian called high of a letter. At that time, two of the four squadrons
of boats Camp branch of Interpol Interpol immediately rushed to the Huadian to
verify the results found that the contents of the letter is not true that high
of a obviously been falsely accused. However, according to the contents of
this second letter, the police find out the high of a sister and Zhang Shu
Hung had a brief marriage. As a result, the Police suspect Zhang Shu Hung in
retaliation for his ex-wife, deliberately framed to their families.
Subsequently, the police identity cards of two anonymous letters and the Li
Chunhua stored in the boat camp Interpol four squadrons, and asked Li Guilin
to pay 300 dollars, will compare the handwriting with the handwriting of Zhang
Shu Hung anonymous letters. Results to wait 12 years, until the arrest of
Zhang Shu Hong, Li Guilin also find the year of the police investigators, I
heard that the handwriting was demarcated, prove that anonymous letter is
written by Zhang Shu Hung, as to why no arrests, the Lee family was not clear.

Newspaper Jilin City News suspect testimony, May 2009, killed eight
consecutive suspected in 1998 murder of his 12-year-old daughter, Zhang Xin
and 18-year-old girl Li Chunhua Zhang Shu Hung. &lt;/p&gt;

Zhang Shu Hung arrest, Interpol, Juan and several other families of the
victims together to find the vice squad. Interpol said Zhang Shu Hung account
of the daughter strangled and dead bodies. "I think the doubt a lot," said
Juan, Zhang Shu Hung always knew her daughter is not natural, but still love
to have added. If you want to kill your daughter, do not wait until a few
years later hands. Moreover,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), the second
year after her daughter missing,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), Zhang Shu Hung's brother, sister
successively moved to the United States, only one sister in Jilin City, but
has no contact. Divorce, he once said to a gentleman revenge years later, he
did not want me to see her daughter. "Juan said, her daughter missing just 10
years, she suspected that her daughter did not murder, but by Zhang Shu Hung
family to the United States . After the incident, he simply lied on his
daughter also killed,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), and did not want her to find
her daughter. "Can not say he kill to kill, there should be evidence of it,
the police did not tell us what 'evidence, I do not believe." Juan said.

相关的主题文章：

  * [he would shoot her back to help the vomiting](http://115.238.129.78/oldupload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=204509 "http://115.238.129.78/oldupload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=204509" )
  * [pottery steamer and bronze.](http://www.fo-24.de/pg/blog/treeplanxu "http://www.fo-24.de/pg/blog/treeplanxu" )
  * [not so easy."](http://cdkaixin.zzxx.in/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5643 "http://cdkaixin.zzxx.in/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=5643" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  refused to release

That the circumstances of another road retaining bamboo staff,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com" ), has 3 times to the scene to release, but the arrogant
attitude of Mao Tong Bing,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), Tan Guiming,
refused to release,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), but also not allowed to send staff off
in the indoor valet food. Until the next day at 4 pm in the village cadres
repeated persuasion, they will release four retaining shoots.

&lt;p&gt;9 o'clock that night the Fengshan Ping and his party came to the
villagers a publicity at the same time,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), the text home is logging to the
bamboo shoots fire to dry. They then text a couple of criticism and
education,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), and ready to be confiscated the illegal
harvesting of bamboo shoots. A couple in the text side mitigation, while a lot
of noise. At this point, who heard the villagers hair Church soldier brothers
and the Tangui Ming,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ),
etc.,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), forced the Fengshan Ping, who pushed
into the baking bamboo shoots room, the door with a wooden stick against the,
and to keep the door would not let them out.

's largest raw wood bamboo, in order to protect this natural state-owned
forests,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the annual spring and summer, the
local government banned the harvesting bamboo shoots in the forest. May 9, the
forestry sector received reports from the public, State-owned forest fire dam
region was collected shoots. The Bureau of Forestry and Forest Public Security
Bureau was arranged the police Feng
Shanping,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), leading forestry workers divided the
text flag, all the way at the intersection waiting to check, all the way to
the village to promote nursing shoots. &lt;/p&gt;

June 14, suspicion of obstruction of official business,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), the
suspect hair Church soldier brothers and Tan Guiming Zhenba County
Procuratorate approved the arrest.

相关的主题文章：

  * [their tongues cut off. Extremely cruel means](http://yurihk.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=174&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=3792 "http://yurihk.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=174&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=3792" )
  * [Xiaoyun Lu Ertao understanding Malone. The incident ten days ago](http://thebest.weclub.info/viewthread.php?tid=7144&extra= "http://thebest.weclub.info/viewthread.php?tid=7144&extra=" )
  * [the main culprit Yang](http://www.51park.com.cn/cms/plus/view.php?aid=39855 "http://www.51park.com.cn/cms/plus/view.php?aid=39855" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  network processing performance.

Yesterday, Changzhou Tianning Court of First Instance finds that the small
Qingdeng behavior constitutes the crime of destruction of computer information
systems is a common crime. &lt;/p&gt;

Since the attack,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootbfr.com" ), "PW" is located in Changzhou,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com "http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ),
Jiangsu Province, the Ministry of Public Security will be the case by the
Changzhou City Police handled. Subsequently, the Changzhou City Police in
Foshan,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), Guangdong, five suspects were
arrested. 5 "80" suspects are from Zhejiang, and the only junior middle school
education.

At 9:50 p.m. on May 19 beginning of Hainan,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ),
Jiangsu, Anhui, Guangxi,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), Gansu and Zhejiang provinces (regions)
users to access the site slows down or simply off the net. Internet service at
1:20 on the 20th, in the affected areas returned to normal. May 21, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued a briefing, preliminary
interpretation of the cause of the accident: STORM Web site Domain Name System
is a network attack, resulting in sudden increase in the Telecom DNS server
access, network processing performance.

&lt;p&gt;Changzhou Tianning Court found that the soldier, "PW" investment,[ray
ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ), one way or another small of State and a
small leopard, invested $ 28 million and leased 81 units, "PW",[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherafr.com "http://www.raybanpascherafr.com" ),
designed to attack the other, "PW". Xiaoqiang they met online. Xiaoqiang
Internet companies operating in Zhejiang,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), is also a junior high
school,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussuresedfr.com" ), he let his staff the Xiaogang
working towards a web-based attacks passed through QQ, a small Qing. Xiaoqiang
claims and Xiaogang was no damage to computer systems that by their
level,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), is impossible, I did not expect to cause such
serious consequences.

相关的主题文章：

  * [and has repeatedly made the request. Liang Yijun](http://www.akstour.com/bbc/boke.asp?mysete49s1.showtopic.21054.html "http://www.akstour.com/bbc/boke.asp?mysete49s1.showtopic.21054.html" )
  * [and their dialogue](http://www.chenyongren.net/home/space.php?uid=53939&do=blog&id=49560 "http://www.chenyongren.net/home/space.php?uid=53939&do=blog&id=49560" )
  * ['s Hospital.](http://www.11998.net/plus/view.php?aid=19029 "http://www.11998.net/plus/view.php?aid=19029" )
maoyi gongsi ,kuaile zhuang da


##  attracting many people crowd around

An Shao high-speed highway construction site accidentally fall into the water
pit under construction, both drowned. After the
event,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the deceased family and neighbors was
very emotional,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), and that the local government on the
construction side bears regulatory responsibility, decided to find the town
government to the discussion to say. At 15:00 the same day,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the
the Villagers Longmou Dragon certain and some other mass carrying two dead
bodies to the Mekong town government, to force the body to lift into town to
party and government offices,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), and smashed office computers,
copiers,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), fax machines and other office
items,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), beating the town staff to come to do the
persuasion work in the hospital burning money paper,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
fireworks,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), attracting many people crowd around,
until 17:00 the next day,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), the side of the family of the deceased
in the An Shao road construction compensation $ 160,000, square body away.
Carry the dead time of up to 26 hours,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), resulting in the town to
work, resulting in an extremely bad social impact in the local Identified, the
town was damaged items worth 18,660 yuan.&lt;/p&gt;

相关的主题文章：

  * [manufacturers hold legal approvals](http://www.lhqcxj.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=359&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=6625 "http://www.lhqcxj.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=359&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=6625" )
  * [Mr. Han did a kidney transplant 20 years ago](http://bbs.xatvs.com/uchome/space.php?uid=920923&do=blog&id=259727 "http://bbs.xatvs.com/uchome/space.php?uid=920923&do=blog&id=259727" )
  * [both stated that they do not want to.](http://shejigao.meituyin.com/plus/view.php?aid=38065 "http://shejigao.meituyin.com/plus/view.php?aid=38065" )


##  ​​snatch

&lt;p&gt;The day before yesterday at 3 pm,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), Nanan
Fushan Industrial Zone,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), Mr. Lu is walking on a road, only
to encounter two men Robbery,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), a finger on the neck a thick gold
necklace robbed. Lui quickly turned around,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com"
), holding the motorcycle. Then, the motorcycle fell to the ground, flying
grab criminals Shi Xiaojun and associates of a motorcycle named Mao fell to
the ground. At this point, just the head of the police station patrol arrived
on the scene, caught Shi Xiaojun, named Mao then took the opportunity to ride
a motorcycle to escape.

Currently, Shi Xiaojun XingJu,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the case is still under further
investigation.

​​snatch,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), Chongqing Shi Xiaojun (a
pseudonym) was caught red-handed by the police. Unexpectedly,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagser.com" ), in the trial,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), he had shouted to
regret,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), instigated by a friend,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
just spur of the moment "to snatch.

相关的主题文章：

  * [the Xuhui District Court decision](http://www.scu88.com/bbs/boke.asp?ajpaulsqh.showtopic.2819.html "http://www.scu88.com/bbs/boke.asp?ajpaulsqh.showtopic.2819.html" )
  * [Danmou also very sorry](http://smackdown.funbbs.me/viewthread.php?tid=16149&extra= "http://smackdown.funbbs.me/viewthread.php?tid=16149&extra=" )
  * [Man with the murder of criminal suspects with the same name twice by the police mistakenly arrested](http://hostingshouse.org/demo/mp3////profile.php?user=g3ek88q7p&v=comments "http://hostingshouse.org/demo/mp3////profile.php?user=g3ek88q7p&v=comments" )


##  " Our rural areas

In the afternoon of November 20, 2:08, Zhang Lanfang, the First Affiliated
Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University obstetrics by caesarean section, birth
to a healthy baby girl. Yan Xiaohong's family said they were notified the
first time the busy business of Yan Xiaohong far in Anhui. "We even have begun
to think how to celebrate."

32-year-old Zhang Lanfang from Lantian County, Ba source Township, the second
year in 1999 and her husband Yan Xiaohong married, had kids,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), and now his son is 9 years old. In
the beginning of this year, Zhang Lanfang pregnant
again,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), which makes the whole family was
excited.

More than two days, she hardly eat or drink. "The same into a deep remorse Qu
E baby, she spoke,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), tears welling up:" Our rural areas, Han
also do not know ... People say that you want to check, and believed ...... "

"Nurse" incident morning took away the child "check-ups"

Yesterday morning, Zhang Lanfang feebly leaning over the bed, his face has no
tears, look woodenly, in the face of the questioning of her relatives, she
turned a deaf ear, as a mother, she faced the brink of collapse.

"Later in the 7th floor of the bathroom trash, we also found that the white
coat." Yan Yang, says, white lab coat embroidered with the word "Jiaotong
University Affiliated Hospital" indeed. But, according to the hospital, this
nurse, uniforms a few years ago, has now been eliminated.

"In the past never happen." Jiaotong University Affiliated Hospital Security
Section Wangke said, some large hospitals have been equipped with a security
to each floor of the ward, but Jiaotong University Affiliated Hospital has not
yet reached such a the ability, and other wards, they did not obstetric ad hoc
security, prior to this, obstetrics accompanying family members, etc. can
freely. He also was shocked after the incident, police also set up a task
force in view of the case has been involved in criminal cases, they are fully
cooperate with the police investigation.

At this point, the locked ward door quietly opened. Qu E baby woke up to the
one wearing a white lab coat, a young nurse, aged about 20 years old, not
tall, white lab coat, also embroidered with the words Jiaotong University
Affiliated Hospital, the nurses did not stop,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), go directly Zhang Lanfang's
bedside. The little girl just 15 hours of birth, seemed to sense danger
approaching, started crying, nurses hand and threw the little girl. Moment to
hold the baby doing "Qu E baby see a hospital nurse, does not think
much,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), just asked about. The nurse told Qu E
baby, to take their children to check the 8:00 can send their children back.
"Our rural areas to also understand the rules of the hospital, I let her baby
taken away." Qu E baby.

Looking for trash to throw away the white coat

No baby to take the name is almost a tone of himself, said Zhang Lanfang, not
only did not have time to name the child,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagser.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), his
daughter has not had time to have seen her
father,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), she did not even had time to use the
phone to daughter take a picture, talking, she finally Kuchu voice, broke down
in tears.

21 am 5 pm, Zhang Lanfang is groggy sleep, the children at her side, fast
asleep, with two maternity wards, accompanied by a small aunt Qu E baby also
stumbled sleepy, and accompanying family members are also sleepy, the entire
unit is exceptionally quiet.

8 o'clock in the morning until 21, the nurse not to send their children back
to the ward. Yan Xiaohong's brother Yan Yang macro to ask the doctors and
nurses,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), the answer is: they have not been to
ward in the early morning hours, more than they take away the newborn!
Children lost stolen! "Yesterday morning, Yan Yang, stand in the doorway of
the obstetric,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), a look of pain, my brother did not come
back in Anhui, and lost his niece, he felt unable to face his brother.

's photo. &lt;/p&gt;

Yan Yang macro to the police immediately and notify the hospital. Holding a
child in the hospital surveillance video, Yan Yang to see the process of
committing the crime of false nurses: wearing a white lab coat, fake nurses
from the ward to steal children, hastily turned off into the next bathroom.
Out a "casual" Women, the hands of the woman holding the child, went to the
7th floor maternity door,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), again the
child on a chair, and re-wrapped in a lot with the children leave. From a
different angle of the monitor can see that the woman did not stay in the
hospital, holding a child directly out of the door.

Subsequently, obstetrics door stepped up the alert, security asked in detail
about the families of access to obstetric and visitation caught one of the
security station to near Zhang Lanfang's ward.

After Hospital obstetric monitoring interim update

&lt;p&gt;According to another ward an insider, before the woman has also been
to other wards in an attempt to take away the children, but the family refused
to be alert, went to Zhang Lanfang's bedside, the child just in crying, this
posing nurses to "succeed".

相关的主题文章：

  * [the conductor arrogance. Subsequently happened to let everyone off guard.](http://bird028.gotoip4.com/home/home.php?mod=space&uid=241&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=11148 "http://bird028.gotoip4.com/home/home.php?mod=space&uid=241&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=11148" )
  * [pay Wei borrowed a van to an acquaintance](http://www.tyjy.net/thread-15011-1-1.html "http://www.tyjy.net/thread-15011-1-1.html" )
  * [disease](http://www.yjws.net/bbs//viewthread.php?tid=366940&extra= "http://www.yjws.net/bbs//viewthread.php?tid=366940&extra=" )


##  the Court made the final decision

October 16, 2009, the Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court hearing of the
case. October 19, the Court made the final decision, the case of Mr. Ho and
the others apply for reconsideration has been submitted evidence, the Xiaoshan
district government then asked for the misconduct of other material, belonging
to fulfill the statutory duties of administrative reconsideration. The court:
order the defendant to Xiaoshan District People's Government within 60 days
from the effective date of this judgment for the plaintiff Mr. Ho and other
administrative reconsideration application to fulfill the statutory duties of
administrative reconsideration.

November 16, 2008, Wu Miao Quan Xiaoshan District branch of the Hangzhou
Public Security Bureau complaint, ask the Council to make a deal with
violations of the Huai medium in accordance with the law, but has not been
results.

April 20, 2009, 22, and even appeared twice on the door of a relocatees was
splashed with fecal things. Residents who have a dozen times to the public
security organs alarm, but did not deal with the results.

Xiaoshan District People's Government after receipt of the reconsideration
material to the three representatives of the relocatees in the May 31 issued a
notice to provide proof that it has asked the Xiaoshan District Urban
Management Bureau to perform their statutory duties, the council fails to
perform the material fails to pay the materials will be deemed to have waived
the application for administrative reconsideration.

September 16th, the Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court ruled to suspend
proceedings on the grounds that the relocatees their application for
reconsideration of the issues raised by his lawyer to the district government.

July 21, 2009, relocatees to the Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court appeal.

Some residents refused to demolition, the community of Plum F,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com" ), once power, no water, and residents had to think of
ways to access electricity. April 1, 2008 0900, Plum F, a member of the
community policing team Huai medium people secretly installed the lights in
the process of removal of residents, resident Wu Miao-chuan of the process of
taking pictures, the two sides in dispute. Wu Miao Quan camera falling on the
ground damage in the process of the two sides pull. Wu Miao Quan cameras
Department Huai moderate person who willfully break, made to the Hangzhou
Public Security Bureau Xiaoshan District branch of the alarm.

October 13, 2008, Xiaoshan District People's Court hearing the case, and
judgment on October 16. The court held that the evidence provided by the
demolition of the form there were irregularities, there is not complete at
content, and demolition party in fulfilling the issuance of the statutory
duties of the house demolition permit, in the procedural flaws. But these
inadequacies is without prejudice to the legitimate rights and interests of
the demolition party, rejected the claim of the demolition.

The Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court after the second trial that the
Hangzhou Public Security Bureau Xiaoshan District branch of the case
investigation procedures have been fulfilled, the public security organs shall
be made according to different situations. Hangzhou Public Security Bureau
Xiaoshan District Branch of the elements of dealing with the situation has
basically met the excess of the statutory deadline for handling according to
law to make to deal with, there are clearly inappropriate idleness to perform
their duties, the plaintiff sued for not performing its statutory duties was
established.

&lt;p&gt;Not with the demolition of the 11 evicted since by varying degrees of
retaliation, air conditioning, cable TV lines, telephone outside, outside
lighting power,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagser.com" ), water pipes, car, windows, mahjong
machine, bathroom equipment, etc. often unidentified people damaged.

Yuan Yu seems to lawyers, the Hangzhou Intermediate People's Court does not
need to suspend the case proceedings, you can make a ruling to revoke the
demolition permit. But to discontinue the proceedings, after all, able to
coordinate and solve problems to create the conditions. Thus, 11 relocatees
have been looking forward to.

The relocatees believe that there is no factual and legal basis for this
response. Moreover, even if the Xiaoshan District Construction Bureau agreed
to the construction, the construction is illegal, should be legally put a stop
to. May 22, Mr. Ho, Mr Ng Shui-tide, Huang root 3 relocatees on behalf of
Xiaoshan District Urban Management Bureau does not perform their statutory
duties the grounds that the application for reconsideration to the Xiaoshan
District People's Government.

May 30, 2008, Xiaoshan District Construction Bureau to provide the court the
basis of the demolition act. Residents have found that there is a big
difference between the various approvals to determine the land area. Xiaoshan
District Development and Reform Bureau project documentation is 210 mu,
construction land planning license record is 172.2 acres, Zhejiang Provincial
People's Government approved the levy of only 117.342 acres of land, the
demolition plans and compensation programs is 172.2 acres.

The day 9:33, the Public Security Bureau of Hangzhou City, Xiaoshan District,
Branch patrol car to reach the scene, and be placed on file to determine the
cause of action for intentional damage to property. Hangzhou Public Security
Bureau Xiaoshan District branch of the relevant personnel on the same day the
interview survey, but was unable to determine the specific circumstances to
cause the camera to damage.

Complaints from residents suffered cold treatment court ruled that the
Government assumed responsibility

Demolition disputes, public security police do not deal with the court finds
that the omission

Government in relocation disputes as the court has ruled that the Public
Security Bureau and the district against the government, caused a big stir in
the local.

August 13, 2009, Ho's three evicted delays the performance of the
Administrative Review Law statutory responsibilities on behalf of the
Government of Xiaoshan District grounds to the Hangzhou Intermediate People's
Court proceedings.

Zhejiang Urban Housing Demolition Management Ordinance does not expressly
require the demolition permit is issued which department, saying only that the
responsibility of the management department of housing the seat of city and
county housing demolition. The past 10 years, Yuan Yu to in Hangzhou agent had
a lot of land acquisition and demolition of cases the legal basis for the
applicable are "Hangzhou expropriation of collective land housing demolition
Management Ordinance", Xiaoshan District, but also to develop a "Xiaoshan
District, expropriation of collective land housing demolition management
implementation approach." clear that these two
regulations,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), collective land housing relocation
department in charge of the department of land. Yuan Yu, Plum F, city
reconstruction project of the house demolition permit is issued by the
Construction Bureau of Xiaoshan District, this lack of legal basis.

May 11, 2009, Wu Miao-chuan to the Xiaoshan District People's Court
proceedings, requested the court ordered the Hangzhou Public Security Bureau
Xiaoshan District branch duties.

Wu Miao Quan refused to accept the judgment of first instance and then filed
an appeal.

May 4, 2009 residents to the Xiaoshan District Urban Management Comprehensive
Administrative Law Enforcement Bureau (hereinafter referred to complaints from
the Urban Management Bureau),[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the requirements in a timely manner to
stop the demolition of illegal construction of the side behavior. May 12,
Urban Management Bureau's reply: The first construction of pile foundation
construction bureau of Xiaoshan District, agreed.

Its attorney, Yuan Yu, issuance of a demolition permit behavior, in this case,
there are major problems.

Mr. Ho's and other people think, understood that the project did not obtain
the approval of the EIA, construction project planning permit and construction
permits is illegal construction. Deal with illegal construction practices, in
accordance with the terms of reference should fulfill the statutory duties,
without the relocatees to apply, apply for reconsideration on the Plum F,
village reconstruction project petitions in reply, it is sufficient to prove
the Xiaoshan District Urban Management Bureau is aware of illegal behavior
there. Thus, they ignored the right hand over the material notice. Since then,
Xiaoshan District People's Government did not make a reconsideration decision.

Xiaoshan District People's Court of Xiaoshan District branch of the Hangzhou
Public Security Bureau to fulfill the statutory duties; the council can not be
closed within the statutory time limit, due to the investigation leads are
limited,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsalec.com" ), and does not violate the relevant
provisions,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), the judgment dismissed the claim
of Wu Miao Quan.

's Court filed administrative proceedings,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), the request to revoke the
demolition permit. &lt;/p&gt;

The evidence provided by the Construction Bureau, the residents raised the
question that the demolition permit does not fill, covers an area of
​​reality, is a sub-law of the demolition permit. And construction land
planning license and lack of construction project approval documents,
attachments and photos,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), the land area does not match
with the demolition permit.

October 13,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), 2009, final judgment of Hangzhou
Intermediate People's Court of Xiaoshan District branch of the Hangzhou Public
Security Bureau within 60 days from the effective date of the judgment to make
the decision.

However,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutleteb.com" ), the village reconstruction project has
not stopped because of litigation, on the contrary has entered the piling
construction phase. Piling noise and vibration caused by the serious impact on
the daily lives of the relocatees.

Yuan Yu, hope that the two cases to carve a good start, causing the adequate
attention of government departments, relocation disputes can be resolved in
accordance with the law to reduce or eliminate unnecessary petitioners.

相关的主题文章：

  * [for the protection of the sticks and pick up their own house](http://www.wlxzf.com/thread-8837-1-1.html "http://www.wlxzf.com/thread-8837-1-1.html" )
  * [Government is not absolute authority](http://info0537.99k.org/read.php?tid=24098 "http://info0537.99k.org/read.php?tid=24098" )
  * [involving three village groups](http://www.96618.com/boke.asp?udpaulswv.showtopic.3128.html "http://www.96618.com/boke.asp?udpaulswv.showtopic.3128.html" )


##  have handcuffs

These photos come from some of the invited dancers computer and camera, the
prosecution seized in the investigation of these people. Berlusconi has been
accused of improper relationship and 33 women, including a female under the
age of 18, which is below the age of the Italian law can legally engage in
sexual services.

Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi prostitution case to trial on April
6,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), for such an accusation, the old shell has
been denied any wrongdoing,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), that the political opponents of his
attack. However, according to British media reports, related photos have been
exposed Evidently, he did organize some of the dancers jump Dancing to their
homes, and a relationship and some of them women. &lt;/p&gt;

Milan District Court hearing on the 6th of next month when Tony will appear in
person to defend himself. But right now,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), the
information prepared by the prosecution is quite full, In addition to the
above picture, all the information a total of 20 000 pages long.
However,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), unless the prosecution holds conclusive
evidence of the relationship of the Old Bay and underage dancers,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), or else let him in jail is very
difficult.

The prosecutors seized a video of a 32-year-old female, wearing low-cut
underwear dance scene in the old shell organization outside wearing police
uniforms,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ), have handcuffs,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), the action is quite
provocative. The other photo is even more outrageous photos of women basically
are show first Nongzi,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), to make some provocative and
offensive action. The photo shoot located in the old shell of a mansion in
Milan,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), and these photos are shot when the ball
is just the beginning,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), far from the climax. It was
also reported to the climax, the old shell will personally play jump on a
while, and stripped of their clothes, choose the relationship of a dancer.

相关的主题文章：

  * [Wang Xianlong advantage of his office](http://www.tianmaomiaosha.com/space.php?uid=107&do=blog&id=11694 "http://www.tianmaomiaosha.com/space.php?uid=107&do=blog&id=11694" )
  * [U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner last week visit to Brazil](http://www.nowsv.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=92308&extra= "http://www.nowsv.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=92308&extra=" )
  * [The tragedy occurred on November 6](http://www.taiwan-stay.org/viewthread.php?tid=1430082&extra= "http://www.taiwan-stay.org/viewthread.php?tid=1430082&extra=" )


##  free from political factors

's income. ,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com" )

August last year the Russian government departments published by the Internet
police reform proposal,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), which relates to limit police to
participate in various political parties,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
etc.,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), for community discussion. The Government
considered the views of all parties to adjust the text of the draft submitted
to Parliament for consideration.

According to the statement of the Russian Interior Ministry
officials,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), the police should serve the interests
of society as a whole,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), free from political
factors,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascher.biz" ), religious factors,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), civic and social beliefs about the
police's own. According to Xinhua News Agency

&lt;p&gt;According to Brad temperature,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), the purpose
of this law is to exclude a party preference
factors,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), equal protection of civil rights.

相关的主题文章：

  * [monitoring](http://expatsanywhere.com/blogs/entry/monitoring "http://expatsanywhere.com/blogs/entry/monitoring" )
  * [eastern and northern regions](http://www.blogohblog.com/wordpress-theme-firebug/ "http://www.blogohblog.com/wordpress-theme-firebug/" )
  * [the 10th report](http://www.yinsong.org/bbs/read.php?tid=15067 "http://www.yinsong.org/bbs/read.php?tid=15067" )


##  local media personnel to follow the coverage.

'clock the same morning sent 80 special operations forces and riot police into
the region to hunt,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), and fierce fighting and drug
traffickers. In addition to the victims of the cameraman and four others died
in the crossfire. In this operation,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the police arrested a drug trafficker
leader and his assistant.

Rio police to expand from time to time wipe out the criminal activities of the
slums,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), in many cases,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), local media personnel to
follow the coverage.

相关的主题文章：

  * [can provide useful lessons for future similar cases.](http://net-wedding.com/viewthread.php?tid=595717&extra= "http://net-wedding.com/viewthread.php?tid=595717&extra=" )
  * [age of the 50 largest years old](http://www.gx11.com/show.php?tid=349001 "http://www.gx11.com/show.php?tid=349001" )
  * [According to West Japan Railway Co.](http://promise.freebbs.com.tw/viewthread.php?tid=112363&extra= "http://promise.freebbs.com.tw/viewthread.php?tid=112363&extra=" )


##  The new game will be the strong performance of

NetEase first quarter revenue is likely to an increase of 32 percent to 1.98
billion yuan, compiled by Bloomberg analysts average expectations. Due to
unfavorable seasonal factors,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), the the NetEase first quarter revenue
is likely to ring than the decrease of 6%. Game business revenue chain is
expected to remain unchanged, an increase of 33%. Advertising revenue is
expected a decline of 46 percent, an increase of 19%, similar to other
Internet companies in China.

NetEase independent development of the game still attracted players. We expect
that the "Ghost Story" and "the world" This year will continue to maintain
strong performance.

Maintain Buy rating

Stable gaming product line

Optimistic about the new game of NetEase Netease 2012 and 2013 revenue is
expected to increase by 4% and 3%, 2012 and 2013 profit forecasts were raised
by 3%.

The new game will be the strong performance of

&lt;p&gt;"Diablo 3" is a game authorized by Blizzard. We believe that NetEase
is likely in July or August this year in China, launched the game, and
Blizzard will launch the free version based on virtual goods sales for the
Chinese players.

NetEase current stock price is equivalent to 11.9 times 2012 earnings per
share, and other than cash earnings per share of 8.6 times. Has a strong
product line-and R &amp; D
capabilities,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), NetEase's price-earnings ratio is
always higher than other Chinese online game company. We believe that if
NetEase released strong quarterly profits, and as usual the launch of
successful new game, Netease earnings can reach 14-15 times.

"World of Warcraft" user traffic has stabilized since March this year,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), small-scale adjustments of the
content. The game is still very popular in the enthusiast,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), but
due to the lack of new content, the number of casual gamers "in the" World of
Warcraft is going down. We believe that the next World of Warcraft "expansion
pack" the mystery of the Panda "will help attract players. Blizzard has not
yet announced the mystery of "Panda" release time,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), but, according to industry
sources, the piece of the information may be released in the global market in
the third quarter, the launch of the Chinese market in the fourth quarter.

We maintain the NetEase shares "buy" rating and price target raised to $ 71
from $ 65. This is equivalent to 15 times 2012 earnings per share, in line
with the other game companies around the world. But taking into account the
NetEase 2011-2013 20% of the profits CAGR of this price-earnings ratio is
still a 25% discount.

' average expectations, an increase of 32%, and profits may be slightly lower
than the average estimate of analysts, that is, an increase of 13%. Although
the first quarter by adverse seasonal factors,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), NetEase game business will continue to bring stability to the performance.
"World of Warcraft" (microblogging), the next piece of information is likely
to launch in the fourth quarter, and Netease are likely to co-operate with the
Blizzard, in the third quarter of the custom for the Chinese players' Diablo 3
. NetEase 3 new games of independent research and development prospects.
&lt;/p&gt;

However,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), due to lower marketing
costs, Netease first quarter operating margin is likely to chain remained
stable despite the unfavorable seasonal factors, was 44%. Our expectations
than analysts average estimate of two percent, while analysts on average
expected may not take full account of seasonal factors. NetEase U.S. GAAP
profit is expected in the first quarter grew 13 percent to 833 million yuan,
the average analyst forecast by 2 percent.

First quarter results are expected to perform well

Factors promoting the company's stock rose more than one. Short-term catalyst
is "Diablo God 3" in the third quarter officially launched. In addition,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com" ), NetEase has a strong game product line. Due to lack of
sufficient information, analysts on average expected tend to underestimate the
NetEase's new game, as in 2011,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), "Ghost Story"
encounter. Therefore,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesdfr.com" ), the strong performance of any new games
are likely to lead to the average estimate of analysts upgrade. 2012 as a
whole, this will be a catalyst for the company's stock. On the other hand, due
to the revenue scale is still low, NetEase's non-gaming business, including
China's first E-mail business and the rapid growth of e-commerce business,
still did not get the full attention of the market. (Viking) &lt;-

NetEase will be at least 2012 launch of four new games. With strong R &amp; D
and operational capabilities relative to other Chinese online game company
Netease game easier to succeed. NetEase will launch a new game, we are most
optimistic about the "Dragon Sword" and "Diablo 3". "Dragon Sword" is a 3D
MMORPG game, use NetEase proprietary 3D game engine and have a good graphic
design.

相关的主题文章：

  * [Russian police for speeding interception snapped the fingers of the Ukrainian po](http://sg.joyct.com/bbs/upload/home.php?mod=space&uid=62&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=3538 "http://sg.joyct.com/bbs/upload/home.php?mod=space&uid=62&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=3538" )
  * [South Korea](http://entertainmentartists.net/blogs/posts/sudnygfmcp "http://entertainmentartists.net/blogs/posts/sudnygfmcp" )
  * [north and south can not be replaced.](http://www.aixinmama.cn/plus/view.php?aid=9499 "http://www.aixinmama.cn/plus/view.php?aid=9499" )


##  Lautenberg said Rich book

Ridge later publicly admitted that he had previously based on intelligence, a
large number is a three year old intelligence.

Ridge said in the book, Rumsfeld and Ashcroft more practice he was
disappointed that happened, I decided to leave the government turned to the
private sector (development) ".

Inspired scary

However, Ridge disclosed in the book, precisely because Thomson has inspired
Rich to the public exaggerated the United States faced a terrorist threat.

Terrorist upgrade

Lautenberg said Rich book, "confirmed what we have done the worst guess.
Xinhua News Agency for the newspaper feature articles

Bush launched the Iraq war was popular in the United States criticized.
Critics accuse the Bush administration of using public fear of terrorism to
cover up the war in Iraq have committed political mistakes.

Criticized the evidence

He said in his speech, issued a counter-terrorism warnings based on
intelligence provided by U.S. intelligence agencies, military and allies of
the above areas.

Agence France-Presse reported that the Ridge new book is scheduled for
September this year,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), listed under the title "We
are the test of the times: surrounded by the United States ... how do we
regain security.

2001 "9.11" terrorist attacks, the United States set up a Department of
Homeland Security. Ridge as Homeland Security radical any Minister, in
February 2003 and stepped down in December 2004.

Served as Bush's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Fran Townsend,
to refute the above statement Ridge. Townsend said she was four and a half
time Bush adviser, "the Homeland Security alert level discussions never
involve political factors.

's tenure,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the U.S. government exaggerated the
terrorist threat against Iraq to justify the war, was the public criticism.
According to Agence France-Presse said the former U.S. Homeland Security
Secretary Thomas Ridge, books published,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
provide evidence for the above criticism. &lt;/p&gt;

Rich writes, in his speech to the public on August 1, 2004, received the
Thomson phone. Thomson Ridge in his speech referred to "outside the homeland
defense measures. By Ridge interpretation,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ),
Townsend actually asked him to defend the war in Iraq. The United States
launched the Iraq war in March 2003, public anti-war voices constantly
strengthened.

&lt;p&gt;In that speech, after receipt of the Thomson phone, Ridge, New York
City, northern New Jersey and Washington, the capital of financial
institutions issued a counter-terrorism alert. He was still in his speech
praised the leaders mettle in the fight against terrorism,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), Bush demonstrated.

Democratic Senator Frank Lautenberg said: "It's like they do in Iraq as the
Bush administration distorted intelligence to create fear in the public for
political purposes."

The publishers of the content of the book excerpts,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
wrote Bush's 2004 re-election,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), when he was Secretary of
Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Attorney General John Ashe Croft Ridge pressured
him to improve the United States Homeland Security alert level was Ridge
refused.

"I saw that the only reason the content of his speech,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com" ), his speeches to me, I have circulated for comments,"
Townsend said, "What did he say and ultimately by his own decision."

U.S. Department of Homeland Security alert level by the Department of Homeland
Security is responsible for assessing and publishing, in five colors show
different levels, from low to high
green,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ),
blue,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), yellow, orange and red.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [leading to support for crash](http://www.linksnoop.com/more/79746/B2Evolution-The-Software-That-Turns-a-Greenhorn-into-a-Seasoned-Blogger/ "http://www.linksnoop.com/more/79746/B2Evolution-The-Software-That-Turns-a-Greenhorn-into-a-Seasoned-Blogger/" )
  * [U.S. media said the Obama situation isolated Democrat maintain its](http://www.busteni-azuga.ro/digiart/displayimage.php?pos=-1 "http://www.busteni-azuga.ro/digiart/displayimage.php?pos=-1" )
  * [blast walls using steel mesh manufacture](http://www.chinabim.com/home/space.php?uid=45134&do=blog&id=1171306 "http://www.chinabim.com/home/space.php?uid=45134&do=blog&id=1171306" )


##  's server.

's server. ,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" )&lt;/p&gt;

U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation stressed that the 19 large-scale arrests
are part of an "ongoing investigation".

Related to the theme articles：

  * [for ultra-high opinion.](http://www.kenchu.com/cgi-bin/topic.cgi?forum=13&topic=171321 "http://www.kenchu.com/cgi-bin/topic.cgi?forum=13&topic=171321" )
  * ['s heavy instantaneous" famous. "](http://www.setest.intellectsoft.org/se4\(bak\)/members/home "http://www.setest.intellectsoft.org/se4\(bak\)/members/home" )
  * [Wikipedia Professional Products has been in solitary confinement](http://www.freesearchebooks.com/profile.php?user=chrun186&v=comments&v=comments "http://www.freesearchebooks.com/profile.php?user=chrun186&v=comments&v=comments" )


##  Long Hua Nanxing restaurant on the 20th

&lt;p&gt;To further verify the relevant circumstances, the the Sanya Safety
Bureau deputy director Gu Hao Zhang Jiying call the day before the meeting "An
Lixin Company" on behalf of. Zhang Jiying said that after the termination of
the original pairs of large groups and Jian Shuo, looking for a qualified
demolition company, the person in charge of the double large group with his
good personal friend, and then commissioned him to find a demolition company
to make the program continue Xiangtai Building be removed. Zhang Jiying by the
middleman Wu Zhongmin, met the man of a self-proclaimed "An Lixin Company
legal person stands for" text ". Zhangji Ying said: "Due to the 'Wu
multilingual' the 'Anli Xin companies' business license, tax registration
certificate and license original and representative of the Party (Group) did
not doubt the authenticity of certificates of, there is no check' Ng Man
'identity cards. Later,' Wu Man 'and two large group signed a demolition
contract. "

Gu Hao said that it has exceeded the processing privileges of the security
sector, it is recommended that An Lixin Company reported to the police.

Then after listening to Wu Ping, Gu Hao and Wang Zhongyu was at a loss, the
two companies are claiming to be "An Lixin Company", the name of the company's
legal representative, called "Wu multicultural" in the end who is really who
is a fake.

Gu Hao said, on September 28 last year,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Sanya Administration of Work
Safety, told the Prime Building demolition engineering survey and found that
without the relevant authorities of the demolition team permission to commence
the demolition of buildings, the security work in place, there is a big
security risk . Safety supervision department shall order the demolition team
immediately work to make rectification, requiring the demolition team relevant
formalities and then carry out the demolition of buildings. The day before
yesterday, the Administration of Work Safety Review "An Lixin Company business
license, tax registration certificate, the demolition of quality certificate,
the demolition of the company's qualification certificate has expired on
February 24 this year. Gu Hao, Safety Supervision Bureau has accepted the
complaints An Lixin, and to An Lixin company issued a single receipt.

After a confrontation and identification,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), Wu
Ping realized that people posing as An Lixin company's legal representative Wu
Wen pairs of large groups signed a demolition contract. Wu Ping said: "This
thing has been serious damage to the reputation of the company An Lixin,
adverse effects may be several projects to be signed by the company."

An Lixin, the police file for investigation

Wu Ping said: "An Lixin very strict management of the business license,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com" ), qualification certificate, approval and signature of the
principal leaders of the reach of co-managed by two managers, no."

"Does anyone fake An Lixin company engaged in the illegal demolition of
buildings " Wang Zhongyu and Wu Ping suddenly felt the seriousness of the
matter, the two sides in the office, Gu Hao, related licenses come up with to
compare. After comparing not the same as the address on the business license
of the two "An Lixin Company. Copy of business license held by the double
large group show, "An Lixin address in the Nansha Road, Haikou City, Long Hua
Nanxing restaurant on the 20th,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the 18th room; Wu Ping provide the
business license of the original show," An Lixin address Guoxing Avenue 63,
Haikou City Shengda Jing Garden, A1 Building System Room 401. Two business
license in addition to the different addresses, the rest is exactly the same;
the contents of the two tax registration certificate; two demolition of the
content of the qualification certificate is very different.

&lt;p&gt;Wu Ping, said An Lixin,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
chairman of the legal representative of the name does Jiaowu multilingual,
Hainanese, Ng Man more time abroad, and rarely come to the company signed a
demolition contract, Fingers and a large group .

9 am yesterday morning, of An Lixin, deputy general manager Wang Jingyi and
the manager of Wu Ping came to Sanya Safety Supervision Bureau, with the
license of the original-An Lixin company's business license, qualification
certificate, tax registration certificate, to Sanya Work Safety Bureau deputy
director of Gu Hao, reflect: An Lixin company has never signed with dual large
group dismantled contract, demolition and construction team is not An Lixin
Company. Gu Hao, attaches great importance to careful review of the relevant
certificates by Wang Jingyi and P. Wu. Gu Hao, which is certainly a novelty.

Gu Hao, due to the emergence of new circumstances, the day before yesterday,
meeting the requirements of "An Lixin company to apply for an extension of the
program set aside for demolition qualification period. Sanya Safety
Supervision Bureau and other departments concerned to ask the pairs of the
large group as soon as possible to find a demolition-qualified company,
removal of the remaining floor of the building Xiangtai, and remove safety
hazards, we must strengthen the safety monitoring of dangerous
buildings,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), to prevent the dangerous building to
the west side of the collapse and other security incidents, pairs of large
groups should also cut off water and electricity, set up warning signs around
the Xiangtai Building, arrange personnel to step up inspections to prevent
vehicles and people close to the dangerous building.

The legal representative of the two companies actually "same name"

Demolition of pairs of a large group "An Lixin Company quality certificate
shows that the demolition of the company's qualification expires on February
24,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com" ), 2011; Wu Ping An Lixin Company
demolition of the original Certificate, An Lixin demolition qualification not
due until August 17,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ), 2013.

Wu Ping said that the construction side of the illegal demolition of buildings
lead to Xiangtai Building, part of the House of the collapse of the issue
through media exposure, had a great impact on An Lixin,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), he hoped Sanya Administration of
Work Safety to come forward to the help An Lixin company to clarify the facts.

The two companies are self-proclaimed "An Lixin Company

Yesterday afternoon, An Lixin,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), deputy general manager Wang
Jingyi and manager Wu Ping to the new wind of Sanya Public Security Bureau
police station to report. An Lixin demolition industry in Hainan has been a
good reputation, they listened to the views of Sanya Safety Supervision Bureau
led Wang Jingyi said, it was decided that the unidentified person falsely An
Lixin business license, tax registration certificate, the demolition of the
qualification certificates and other documents grounds of contract fraud
reported to the police.

Wu Ping took out An Lixin company chairman Wu Wen identity card. Wang Zhongyu
to identify, and pairs of large group signed a demolition contract, "Wu
multicultural" and Anli Xin company chairman Wu Wen is not the same person.

Man was not yesterday, An Lixin sent to Sanya Safety Supervision Bureau, with
pairs of large groups to confront the two sides after the comparison, after
verification, signed the demolition contract with pairs of large groups
claiming the name "Wu Wen An Lixin company legal representative Ng text. Wu
Ping believe that people who abused An Lixin name of the company and forged
documents signed demolition contract with pairs of large groups, An Lixin to
Sanya Administration of Work Safety complaints and Sanya reported to the
police. At present, Sanya police this investigation. &lt;/p&gt;

The relevant departments as soon as possible to remove the remaining building
body

Provide the phone number of a man claiming to be "Wu Wen Zhang Jiying to Sanya
Administration of Work Safety. Gu Hao dial the phone number, and the man who
answered the phone said his name is Luo Zhen, Wu Wen his staff. Gu Hao also
call the middleman Wu Zhongmin Li Xue phone, Li Xue claimed to be "An Lixin
company employees. Wu Ping immediately said, the An Lixin never named Li
Xueyuan and Luo Zhen employees.

Yesterday morning, the company An Lixin, deputy general manager Wang Jingyi
and manager Wu equality of people came to Sanya City to do the demolition, the
situation will be reflected to do to demolition. Wang Zhongyu, dual large
group project manager, will provide superior leadership to reflect this
situation.

Gu Hao, call the dual Group project manager Wang Zhongyu, Wang Zhongyu with
relevant documents to Sanya Safety Supervision Bureau to further verification.
Wang Zhongyu said: "At first, sign a contract with the 'An Lixin company', the
other to provide the original of all key certificate pairs of the large group
of dedicated staff to the provincial Housing and Construction Office to verify
the demolition qualification of 'An Lixin Company'. Two large group dedicated
to the Fingers to find 'Anli Xin companies' legal representative 'Ng Man', the
two sides signed a demolition contract and the stamped, but the dual Group has
not verified the authenticity of other documents. "Wang Zhongyu said:" It was
in demolition contract signed man named 'Wu Man', more than 30-year-old
Sichuanese.

Administration of Work Safety Bureau has accepted An Lixin complaints

Related to the theme articles：

  * ['s Party.](http://bbs.chinahtml.com/t74266/ "http://bbs.chinahtml.com/t74266/" )
  * [the French government previously announced reduction of 100 billion euros](http://www.do234567.com/BBS/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2921 "http://www.do234567.com/BBS/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2921" )
  * [South Africa](http://claudia.lovenature2007.com/blogs/blog1.php/2009/04/15/p27#comments "http://claudia.lovenature2007.com/blogs/blog1.php/2009/04/15/p27#comments" )


##  Katie arrangements for pregnant women living in a house

Katie arrangements for pregnant women living in a house, after production is
moved to another house across the
street,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), and more overwhelmed. She said: "I
talked with a lawyer before opening to ensure that does not get into trouble."

Pregnant women giving birth in the production center to a nearby hospital,
hospital costs alone should up to 10,000
yuan,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), and they are to pay in cash.

Katie claimed that since its opening in 2008, she has received nearly 150
customers, many of whom are already living in the United States, or Chinese
women come and go in the United States and China, and they want to follow the
Chinese traditions and customs, good doing the month. She also helped these
women to apply for the newborn child of the United States birth certificate,
passport and social security number, and then the mother took the children
back to China.

A group calling itself the host Katie said: "Yes,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), our
business is a sensitive topic, but we can make a lot of U.S. cultural and
economic contribution of these women are the economic elite, they are to
promote the economy here and I take them everywhere procurement, wantonly to
buy brand-name products. &lt;/p&gt;

A new mother, said her three months in advance from China to New York to be
produced in order to let the children have access to the Sino-US culture. She
hopes newborn daughter, the future back in high school and university in the
United States.

These customers based on the size of the living room,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the
length of stay,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ), financial size,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), pay 2000-5000 yuan per month,
including meals,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), laundry and take care of the cost
of the doll. They usually stay three to four months,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), air
tickets,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), accommodation and medical
expenses,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com
"http://www.france-burberrypaschere.com" ), a total of up to 30,000 yuan.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [that is](http://thewritebeat.com/BacktoBasicsBlog/ "http://thewritebeat.com/BacktoBasicsBlog/" )
  * [about one-third less than 18 years of age](http://www.thhszx.com/bbs/boke.asp?stevensp59.showtopic.29461.html "http://www.thhszx.com/bbs/boke.asp?stevensp59.showtopic.29461.html" )
  * [all well-ordered](http://forum.esl-china.cn/read.php?tid=877924&displayMode=1 "http://forum.esl-china.cn/read.php?tid=877924&displayMode=1" )


##  杨 宗

,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz "http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.biz" )&lt;p&gt; &lt;p&gt; 美国一辆运钞车上周在雪城不慎掉落十多袋现金,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com"
)，有2名善心人士归还27.616万美元,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" )，但仍有部分人拿走另外6万美元。

杨 宗

雪城警察局警官康内伦表示,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
)，这辆运钞车是于5月29日在雪城古董店前遗失这些现金袋。这些现金袋从运钞车敞开的侧门滑落,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" )。驾驶员显然没有注意到,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com" )，继续原定行程，开往数个街区之外的公司分部,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" )。

首先发现这些现金袋的是雪城古董店两人。其中一人表示，他起初以为这些袋子装的只是垃圾。他打开其中一个才发现：“我的天啊，里面全是钱”。

  

这些现金面额不等，从铜板到100元钞票都有。消息传开后,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com"
)，路过的车子及附近商家的人都跑出来,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" )，大部分都是帮忙捡钱。他们总共收回14袋27.616万美元,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" )。但是还有2袋约6万美元的现金下落不明。

Related to the theme articles：

  * ['disturb' you look at the considerations."](http://qianlai.sclub.com.tw/viewthread.php?tid=44695&extra= "http://qianlai.sclub.com.tw/viewthread.php?tid=44695&extra=" )
  * [At this time my identity is not national staff](http://www.ehvip168.com/plus/view.php?aid=6217 "http://www.ehvip168.com/plus/view.php?aid=6217" )
  * [planning](http://wiki.myfixaphone.com/index.php?title=User:Sophie9gxc#planning "http://wiki.myfixaphone.com/index.php?title=User:Sophie9gxc#planning" )


##  burn extent of the second and third degrees

Perpetrators of family members to stop to pay for medical expenses ,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" )

'clock on September 17, 2011, the perpetrators Tao Rukun the pursuit of girls
Zhou Yan not break broke into his home, is not prepared to take advantage of
the Zhou Yan,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), come up with good lighter fluid poured into
the victims head and point, and kept shouting: "Go to hell!" Zhou Yan wailing
screams in pain. The family heard about the fire out with a quilt, alarm and
call 120 to rescue. Zhou Yan-saving treatment after seven days and seven
nights out of danger, the injury is very serious, one ear was burned to the
severe burns of the head and
face,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), neck, chest, etc., burns covering more
than 30%, burn extent of the second and third degrees, the whole person beyond
recognition. &lt;/p&gt;

Zhou Yan's attorney - Anhui Golden Asia Pacific Legal Li Zhixian, the victim's
parents are factory workers, unable to pay the litigation costs, for which
apply to the local Bureau of Justice for legal aid, their designated agents in
this case. The lawyer said Lee, Zhou Yan injury is very serious, and injured
more than two months after the out of danger into the general ward, before the
police had sent forensic check Zhou Yan, forensic Zhou Yan neck need for skin
grafting can Do injuries Identification. Lee said the lawyer, the injured
party has been called the injury
assessment,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), injury assessment, the case has been
hovering in the investigation stage, unable to enter the stage of the
proceedings. Perpetrators Taoru Kun has been in custody for five months. In
accordance with existing laws, suspects can only be in detention in custody
seven months, if it can not enter the stage of the proceedings, the public
security organs must change the coercive measures,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), Tao Rukun is likely to be released on bail.

Lee lawyer confirmed, Zhou Yan has done injury assessment, the results will be
held one week after the announcement, and then allowed to enter the court
proceedings and other proceedings.

A week after the injury assessment results will be announced

&lt;p&gt;Ms. Lee said that the daughter just started the cost of
hospitalization by Tao Rukun parents advance, since the Zhou Yan family
refused to the Tao Rukun bail requirements, Tao Rukun parents to stop to pay
for medical expenses. Zhou Yan's hospitalization and treatment spent a total
of more than 40 million of, Tao Rukun the parents advance 33 million, still
owes the hospital more than 10 million. In desperation, Ms. Lee can only
daughter pick out of hospital. They hope that the relevant departments as soon
as possible Investigating the case, the cases into the judicial process as
soon as possible, let the children get proper treatment costs continue
treatment.

Another called Hefei 10,000 hotline blogger is a detailed account of the
causes of this tragedy. The blogger said, learned from the mother of Zhou Yan
(microblogging), Ms. Lee,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), Zhou Yan,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), 17 years old, happened last
year when just past the 16 birthday soon. Perpetrators Taoru Kun Zhou Yan age
is similar. Two junior high school,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), secondary school in Shouchun
different classes of the same school. In order to avoid the pursuit of Tao
Rukun September 2010 Ms. Lee,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
daughter of transfer to a handful of town middle school, but failed to stop
the harassment of the Tao Rukun. In order to avoid him,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), Zhou
Yan also once stayed at home. In September 2011, Zhou Yan back to school, but
less than a month to tragedy.

Ms. Lee said that Zhou Yan is very optimistic and cheerful girl, her life lost
hope, we often see in the mirror after the cry incessantly. To see such a
daughter, the parents are very distressed, but there is no money to give her
plastic surgery, there is no money to go to court litigation. Family in
desperate circumstances, select the online help.

According to Yangcheng Evening News "

See in the mirror and crying

Related to the theme articles：

  * [we must first efforts to remedy](http://www.cchb114.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=656145&extra= "http://www.cchb114.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=656145&extra=" )
  * [but into a strange red and black and white page.](http://bbs.hivesoft.tw/home.php?mod=space&uid=1319355&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=7815 "http://bbs.hivesoft.tw/home.php?mod=space&uid=1319355&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=7815" )
  * [ 三分之二的世界公众认为](http://www.beerbrewnation.com/members/home "http://www.beerbrewnation.com/members/home" )


##  lack of supervision

7 days of the phenomenon: the graduation of $ 89 to buy a master's degree

&lt;p&gt;It is reported that some diploma mills pretending to require
customers to participate in a quiz,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), or to submit an essay. Others naked and direct sale of a variety of
academic diploma (including doctoral diploma), they do not ask customers to
any background.

The site of "diploma mills" often disguised as regular university Web site
looks like, so that the customers believed that indeed the existence of such a
university. They also know how to spend a little money to advertise
online,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), make their own mixed with a link to the
middle of the regular university online courses, making the customer difficult
to distinguish between true and false.

WASHINGTON cause the main reason for the prevalence of diploma mills industry,
on the one hand,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), due to strong demand for fake degree, on
the other hand because of the absence of legal and regulatory.

Fake transcripts, fake letters of recommendation "through train"

Root cause: lack of supervision

"Diploma mills" to seize the customers want to receive a diploma in a short
time, in order to improve their career competitiveness of urgent psychological
marketing.

In the U.S. state of Alabama and Mississippi,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), due
to weak anti-counterfeiting laws and regulations of the state government,
diploma mills are particularly prevalent in the local. In contrast,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
many U.S. states have regulations on the use of fake diploma to be severely
punished, resulting in the collapse of many diploma mills.

WASHINGTON many American Diploma mills operate on the Internet marketing known
as the short term diploma online courses attract customers want to buy fake
degree.

According to reports, diploma factories fraud is not only fake diplomas, and
also includes a set of fake transcripts, fake letters of recommendation, and
other "one-stop" service,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), even the fake diploma certification
bodies came into being.

Fake diplomas and even some states in the United States will be able to
exchange for the license this important identity documents.

The statistics show that hundreds of "diploma mills" website, academic fraud
"industry" has doubled in the past few years,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the output value is
estimated to reach $ 500 million.

They lure customers means almost exactly the same: "According to your work and
life experience, we can tailor-made for your Diploma in at least seven days
can graduate quickly to seize this opportunity!"

A "diploma mills" site to get a master's degree diploma in just $ 89,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), if you need transcripts,
additional surcharge of $ 80. To report card "A" (excellent),[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), but also coupled to receive $ 20.

Although many employers will have employees with background checks, but many
employers, especially the audit of small business employers tend to be very
casual. Sometimes, even the criminal background check will be incorrect. The
U.S. labor department suggested that the employer must call the U.S.
Department of Education or the Federal Trade Commission and other relevant
agencies to review the background of job seekers, and to the different
departments to cross-audit.

In the U.S., fake diplomas and fake vocational certificate in the top types of
Internet fraud. In the past decade, due to lack of legal regulation and moral
constraints and the birth of the opportunity to earn huge profits, coupled
with the urgent needs of the highly educated,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ),
posing as regular colleges and universities in the United States spread of
diploma mills on the Internet. It is estimated that online "diploma mills" has
become a multinational profiteering "calculated a value of hundreds of
billions of dollars industry."

's high-rise office. &lt;/p&gt;Related to the theme articles：

  * ['s most comprehensive Internet monitoring system.](http://www.dghfqm.com/bbs/boke.asp?apr4prt5x.showtopic.16481.html "http://www.dghfqm.com/bbs/boke.asp?apr4prt5x.showtopic.16481.html" )
  * [The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, the Secretary for drunken driving detained](http://en.1msry.com/vb/showthread.php?p=256398#post256398 "http://en.1msry.com/vb/showthread.php?p=256398#post256398" )
  * [more than 250 square meters of residential](http://ntpubbs.org.tw/dz/dzx/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9338 "http://ntpubbs.org.tw/dz/dzx/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9338" )


##  supermarket triggers things bear responsibility

Round, said his father, a lawyer for his son to pursue justice, because he
felt that the supermarket approach to this matter of the son, most may be
repeated to other customers who "Must be promptly corrected through legal
channels." He stressed.

Into the supermarket entrance required by the very long escalator. Round along
the escalator to the entrance to run, holding the box of yogurt. Supermarket
provides into the supermarket to carry food, the staff at the entrance should
be advised to storage or to tie bags of food, etc., in order to avoid
misunderstanding. Until her mother came to the entrance, the round has been
successfully entered the supermarket, is to go to display books in regional.

"Now, toddlers afraid to go out. Said out of Lotus, bad uncle." Round father
speak, son and mother in the hut of the supermarket experience tremendous
psychological shadow, to his son, he was going to invite the psychological
doctor son counseling.

Supermarkets generally allow customers to alarm

Round his father asked the kids to see a psychiatrist thing, Peng Lei is very
difficult to do - need to report it to their superiors, which means that his
job may be in addition to off.

"Take the box out of yogurt, check the supermarket do not share the same lot
number. Playback monitor loss prevention member is subsequently explained.
Peng Lei, manager of loss prevention department to round his father admitted
that round to eat yogurt is not a supermarket goods.

That moment of loss prevention manager said the store manager is not, he says
that on a business trip. "He spoke about the late 8:40, he finally saw the
store manager, the other is indeed a business trip in the
morning,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), shop in this process in that there are
defective. Finally, the parties Loss Prevention members make an apology.

The supermarket said it would strengthen cultural training

Tang Dan said that she is the mother of the child, is able to understand like
the round so that children of all ages into the supermarket, in charge of the
supermarket customer service manager, not only did self-control, and even did
not even steal the concept. Lotus is a mature enterprise, a strong corporate
culture heritage, however, things in the round body, passed out of the the
Longhu store corporate culture training will be renewed and strengthened.

Yogurt in the supermarket is taken hut

Peng Lei, loss prevention manager, agree with this statement, revealed that
the Loss Prevention member of the uneven quality of the case of extraordinary
circumstances, no alternative processing.

Peng Lei,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ), last night, Lotus Longhu stores were
loss prevention manager, commitment to the round father the night 7:30 party
loss prevention member apology was dragged. Until about 8:40 that night, round
the father of negotiations with the manager, the party loss prevention member
finally apologize.

Supermarkets admit there are omissions

Next, round, and her mother were taken to an outside supermarkets in the fire
exits Zhaixia cabin. She found a round face, full of fear.

Before long, another security entered the room, holding a round box of yogurt
drink box to leave. Before long, he returned, and sat round and her mother in
front of that table, the mouth saying something. Next, a security entered the
room, the same left holding a yogurt box,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), did not take long to return. The
security guard is sitting on the table from time to time to speak or front of
the walkie-talkie speech ... this picture for about 12 minutes, round, always
hiding behind her mother,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), mother-in-law with a palm-leaf fan for
his fight fan.

The boy called round (a pseudonym), live near the new South, Yubei District, a
district.

Yesterday, the surveillance video of Ek Chor Lotus the Longhu store Loss
Prevention Ministry, first,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), round, and
her mother was brought by a security Zhaixia cabin, security, sitting on the
bench, round and her mother stood. Round afraid to hide behind her mother.

Supermarket should be for that matter bear responsibility

The supermarkets now deal with customers "passing the buck", commonly used
approach is to other customers hit the alarm call practice is defective.
Because,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), at this time, the customer is suspected
object, the first alarm to the supermarket, by suspect alarm the case of
nonsense.

&lt;p&gt; How can such a treat dolls

In this connection, he asked to see the morning of the day did not see the
store manager, and asked the parties to the Loss Prevention members apology.

Last night, Chongqing Phaeton law firm lawyers Wang Zhaobin,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com" ), the Lotus the Longhu store supermarket if there is relevant
evidence that round to drink yogurt is a theft, shall promptly report to the
police or seized and turned over to public security authorities. On the
contrary, the situation now that the supermarket did not evidence that round
to drink yogurt is a theft, the resulting round for shock do not want to
kindergarten psychological shadow, the supermarket should bear the
responsibility of personal injury or property damage.

"As the saying goes, young people make mistakes, God will forgive me. In the
supermarket, even the naive teenage wanderers eat food, loss prevention
officers found should also be tolerance, and not treat adults like to
understand the situation in the narrow cabin "Last night, Mr. Gu Kegu in water
and soil, so when the learned that the round was scared the whole body
sweating things in the hut think.

However, the round to say but there is no "face" at all. "Uncle (loss
prevention staff) came on the back burner of my yogurt, muster eyes yelling at
me: 'You eat small Zaier wisdom to eat ' I was scared to cry ... uncle asked
me where to steal." Yesterday morning, round twice about the same, the eyes in
addition to the tears of fear.

Security "trial" doll to take the sweat

Tang Dan, yesterday, the Lotus the Longhu store is responsible for customer
service,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the round with yogurt smoothly into the
supermarket, that supermarket the inlet staff work omissions, supermarket
triggers things bear responsibility; 4-year-old child into the supermarket is
a specific customer. ways and means of loss prevention member in the process
of investigating the matter, some deficiencies.

At this point, he believes that supermarkets with customers, "passing the
buck" when Lotus Longhu store Loss Prevention Department "and other customers
to hit the alarm call" approach is not only a negative deal with the problem
more shirk responsibility too.

Lotus Supermarket hospitality so intolerable

Tang Dan cite an example: she had encountered in water and soil lost children
with their parents, then pulled out a fare subsidized child ride home. As a
result, she believes that to proceed with the corporate culture training will
focus on the face of these special customers like children or the elderly,
passed to employees required to treat their families as special treatment
information.

"My uncle asked me where to steal the

"Normally, when a customer suspected of stealing the goods or the quality of
the goods with the supermarket do 'passing the buck', if the two sides
deadlocked, supermarkets, and customers should hold the attitude of actively
reflect to the police, industry and commerce departments, in order to solve
the fair and equitable. of course, from the perspective of good faith or
services, supermarkets face of 'passing the buck' attitude should be more
conducive to resolve the matter, only reasonable. "after the round's father
said he did not understand this the Longhu shop to say of the Lotus.

"Passing the buck", the clerk often other customers hit the alarm call

's the boy in the supermarket to eat the box of yogurt. Which boy seen this
battle,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), although the roof of the
central air conditioning whirring to take the air-conditioning, he was scared
the whole body sweating. That night, he went home to sleep nightmare
continued, shouting: "I'm not going to the Lotus!" &lt;/p&gt;

More than one hour and other end to an apology

Peng Lei round his father said at that time, the loss prevention member saw a
round placed the cartoon book area to eat yoghurt, put round their mother
brought out to the supermarket to understand the situation; supermarket loss
prevention provisions, customer non-payment or deliberately hidden the goods
with the supermarkets, the loss of anti-members will understand the situation
brought to the hut asked to take into account the customer face.

Supermarkets and other customers hit the alarm call, in fact, is a force the
customer to conform the negative treatment of attitude. "He said, son
experienced in this matter does not call the police,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), but that is the supermarkets check yogurt Information found, the son drink
Yogurt is not a supermarket goods, "if the supermarket happens to be the same
batch of yogurt, the son's mother first called the police and the police came,
the son and mother-in-law not only Nanbian may also assume a more serious
responsibility."

Round in the hut open central air-conditioning, why would scared the whole
body sweating 3 security hut, round and mother-in-law said what Peng Lei, the
monitoring of sound, without his knowledge.

Yesterday morning, the boys wake up crying in any case not in kindergarten.
This allows the home of his father just Xiaye Ban confused, asked I
discovered: Last night, in kindergarten more than a year round, let the mother
take him to the Lotus Dragon Lake store reading. Out the door, her mother gave
him a box of yogurt, let him drink on the road.

Holding cartoon books, round watched entranced, drinking yogurt relish. He and
the mother never dreamed, claiming to be members of supermarket loss
prevention security came and asked yogurt come. Round and mother-in-law tell
us the truth, the other side To learn more about.

Last night, the father of the round about came to the supermarket, at that
round scared the whole body sweating hut. He thought that the Loss Prevention
Department will fulfill its commitments, that is, let the party loss
prevention member to round apologize. Party loss prevention members did not
apologize, loss prevention manager's attitude makes me very dissatisfied. "He
said, is when he felt the other side in his" Dang Houshua "- did not honor
their commitments.

In addition, the store will donate some toys to round to win the round parents
understanding.

Lawyers say

Related to the theme articles：

  * [20 questions on the questionnaire](http://test3.3080.cn/showtopic-4181.aspx "http://test3.3080.cn/showtopic-4181.aspx" )
  * [destroying millions of jobs. Other countries](http://slimdresser.com/blog/blog1.php/2011/06/29/designer-julien-macdonald-who-calls-plus-size-models-as-a-joke-is-now-eating-his-words#comments "http://slimdresser.com/blog/blog1.php/2011/06/29/designer-julien-macdonald-who-calls-plus-size-models-as-a-joke-is-now-eating-his-words#comments" )
  * [the Armed Forces Preparatory School "illegal.](http://www.meitantong.com/plus/view.php?aid=266945 "http://www.meitantong.com/plus/view.php?aid=266945" )


##  the small Ni in the mobile phone business

Injured small Ni was subsequently sent to the Tiantan Hospital,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), and underwent surgery. Ni
face and right hand covered with blood,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), but conscious. It is
understood that the small Ni chest spike intrathoracic hyperemia. To the
hospital,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com" ), the small Ni friend and sister came to
the hospital to take care of him. Friend Mr. Zhou said,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz" ), the small Ni in the mobile phone business,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
time is not long. Chow said he does not know is because the acquisition
price,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), or other reasons before the knife. At
present,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the police have been involved in
investigating the matter.

■ clues / Lee

​​IPAD Tablet PC that the two men ran away. Witnesses said that the small Ni
up,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), lifted the clothes chest there is a
knife-edge. Witnesses said the man wearing glasses bundle is an approximately
3-inch-long folding knife.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [U.S. scientists synthesis is by far the most accurate surfac](http://www.by1688.net/showtopic-85884.aspx "http://www.by1688.net/showtopic-85884.aspx" )
  * [2009 to July 3](http://fashion.ixomsoft.tv/index.php?do=/stevenlw25/blog/2009-to-july-3/ "http://fashion.ixomsoft.tv/index.php?do=/stevenlw25/blog/2009-to-july-3/" )
  * [Based on the new trends](http://www.shenbianpu.com/boke.asp?stevenfj97.showtopic.4567.html "http://www.shenbianpu.com/boke.asp?stevenfj97.showtopic.4567.html" )


##  should not handle hurt and the like

On the 19th afternoon, Ms Aw with the Yangyang referral to the hospital. At
this time the Yangyang The left wrist bandaged right wrist looks nothing
strange.

After the check is done,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), Ms Wu with Yang Yang back to the doctor
to do dressing. Dressing finished out of the clinic, Waer said, 'Mom, my left
hand pain,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), how to package the right
hand ' "Ms Wu said, when she discovered that the son of the right hand wrist
splint, wrapped a bandage around his neck hanging in a sling is also right
wrist.

Doctor and bandaged with a doctor,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), we
go back to holding the medical records and films, he looked after into a
bandaged left hand. "Ms Wu said, she took his son in the hospital around
12:00, and then hurry to have to take right-hand man distinguish. "

We asked Yangyang initial dressing is which hand he raised his right hand,
saying "The doctor could have been wrapped hanging around the neck". "But I
lift this hand is playing not to get up and bandaged, was also
timid,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), afraid to speak out." Yangyang
whispered.

Yangyang's left wrist swelling, according to an X-ray in the hospital
referral. Once again came to the clinic of Dr. Liao Ms Wu took X-rays after
treatment, but she did not mention it again bandaged wrist thing. "I did not
mention that the doctors did not mention, he saw the film said the bones of
the wanderers then, no big problem, and over time to be fully grown in a few
days to go to the hospital dressing on the line."

Ms Wu said he later asked his son to know Yangyang first stretched out his
right hand when dressing. "The children stretch which only a doctor on the
package which only you "

According to the wanderers before dressing-chip package after them to take the
toddlers go according to a piece, this is a normal process, depends on bone
composite how, but parents do not quite understand the second photo of the
hospital may have different views, but in fact this is responsible for them.
"Dr. Liao said,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), he is also responsible for patient
treatment, was 12:30 a,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), I was an empty belly to his doctor."

"I lift this hand is playing."

's diagnosis of the left distal radius fracture,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), wrist,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz
"http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), and also had X-ray. &lt;/p&gt;

When Yangyang bandaged wrist, Ms Wu in fact present. "I was scolded him,
saying he was naughty, should not handle hurt and the like; so I am also
confused, did not pay attention to the doctor package the wrong hands. I
remember the doctor was still in his right hand rubbed the medicine, the arm
pull straight, and again the bones of the wrist fold 'click' sound. "

Diagnosis to Yangyang orthopedic Dr. Liao at 5:00 p.m. on the 19th,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), his consulting room, there are
more than 10 patients treated. Dr. Liao is particularly busy, and he talked
for a few managed to find a few minutes interval. Dr. Liao said the Yangyang
left wrist injury, the package has always been to give him his left hand, and
there is no packet right hand. "That toddlers not to speak,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
then lifted a hand, I am sure that the right hand also to Nie Yinie he,
check."

"We are not hospital how Dr. Liao also to the wanderers to see a doctor, we
would also like to tie in with the doctor the wanderers hand as soon as
possible cure." Ms Wu said, just hope the doctors can do the treatment
detailed, multi- asked a few, especially in the face of a child. "We as
parents, since accompany toddlers next, certainly the carefully."

&lt;p&gt;The doctor said he was responsible for hungry children to see a
doctor

Related to the theme articles：

  * [NATO war A loss of confidence](http://forum.tintelparty.be/view/Main/Postnuke/ "http://forum.tintelparty.be/view/Main/Postnuke/" )
  * [surrounded by non-residents](http://lakaymwen.servertest2.com/blogs/entry/-Before-long "http://lakaymwen.servertest2.com/blogs/entry/-Before-long" )
  * [and also includes a set of fake transcripts](http://blog.jrj.com.cn/6167879097,7469130a.html "http://blog.jrj.com.cn/6167879097,7469130a.html" )


##  72 years

SINA Corporation All rights reserved,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" )

Police said Maeda testified that the "mistaken as a monkey,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
and opened fire. They were both members of the "Hunting Club" to enter the
forest on the same morning. Maeda came the messenger of the village found that
monkeys want more mistaken to see become monkeys.

's mountains companion village more Ya (72 years),[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
causing the injuries. Village more died shortly after in the hospital.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [has homemade seven soil bombs.](http://maraschi.webege.com/upload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3215&extra= "http://maraschi.webege.com/upload/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=3215&extra=" )
  * [the world famous clock tower in the British capital of London](http://heyanpingbbs.s8.toadmin.net/lxs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9487 "http://heyanpingbbs.s8.toadmin.net/lxs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=9487" )
  * [Putin to write a column begins the article talking about the officials removed from office](http://starshunt.com/profile.php?user=Vallin333&v=comments&v=comments "http://starshunt.com/profile.php?user=Vallin333&v=comments&v=comments" )


##  Jorge Bustamante

In April this year, the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations human rights
of migrants, Jorge Bustamante, the issue of Japan's statement. The statement
said: trainees and technical interns system must extent the exploitation of
cheap labor, violations of the mental and physical rights of overseas workers,
in extreme cases even the existence of slavery, and thus should be terminated.
"

However, the Liqing Zhi and his colleagues did not get the money for overtime.
Overtime hours for the first year the company recorded a total of 1184.5
hours, overtime totaled ¥ 473,800 (about 34,000 yuan), the money was Japan
boss dragged on, he and the workers in multi- complaints, until July 2009,
only to get half of this overtime, the remaining half of the boss insisted to
wait for their return when issued. Work, the boss is slightly discontent
threatened to Li Qingzhi dismissal and repatriation. &lt;/p&gt;

The Liqing Zhi said that in order to get back their wages, he had to swallow
side to continue doing with their dream of a far cry from the primary labor
side of a conscious gathering relevant evidence. One day in March this year,
he as usual, sweeping leaves in the plant in the woods, encountered heavy
rain, he went to the boss asking to swap jobs, the boss was furious, not only
to insult his ability to work, once again threatened to dismiss him. Li
Qingzhi had had enough and resigned from the job, and began seeking to use
legal means for their own rights.

However, the Asahi Shimbun editorial, the new regulations did not touch on the
fundamental, is still far away from the problem-solving. The editorial pointed
out that trainees and interns are engaged in most of the pure manual work at
arm's length by the Japanese small-scale manufacturing, fish processing,
agriculture and other fields, the solution is a Japanese senior citizens of
low birth rate society labor shortages, the reason remains "trainee" and
"intern" in the name, is because the Japanese are wary of the introduction of
labor from abroad.

Exploitation of "cheap labor"

Japan also some critical voices. Asahi Shimbun published an editorial on July
14, said the trainees, interns not only faced with the problem of low-income
intensity, but also in the global financial crisis in 2008, many people were
the employer unilaterally the middle of the dismissal, the Japanese
government. This phenomenon should be allowed to continue to exist.

Abiko of the Secretary-General Li-liang,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the
lawyers' organizations said that the vast majority of trainees to Japan, are
the cause of the first around the synergistic combination of the Contractors
Association and other agencies first receiver down, and then assign them to
affiliated enterprises for the first year of research students, the Japanese
labor law has been the lack of constraints supervision provisions of the
parties, JITCO as a service provider, have no right to the regulated
businesses; cause synergistic combinations and Commerce Association
organization as a receiving unit, because the collection of management to the
enterprise The fee of the enterprise's unlawful conduct and the complaints of
the trainees is usually taken to the practice of an eye, close one eye.

In January 2009,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), the Chinese trainees cited the
"winning" and "We are not slaves" banners.

1993,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), JITCO promote the
establishment of the "trainee system" based on "skills trainee" system, the
trainees completed a year of learning, you can continue to be the identity of
the skills of interns in Japan working for two years.

He said the hiring of foreign workers in Japan has been a very sensitive
topic, the procession of protest against the foreigners employed in Japan have
also occurred. In this context, Japan Congress and the administration of long-
term wrong trainee system is an open discussion lead to more problems
accumulate, the more serious.

According to data provided by the institutions of the trainees of the Japanese
side is mainly responsible for the project - Institute for International
Training Cooperation Organization (JITCO), 2008, the foreign trainees died
during the day work for 35 people, 16 of whom died of heart and brain disease
; 27 people were killed in 2009, 9 of which are the heart and brain
disease,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), another three people to commit suicide.

Entry administrative department of the establishment of a "skills practice" to
stay eligible to file, the employer shall not central depository in the name
of the confiscation of the skills of interns passport;

Trainees immigrants must accept the adaptability training for two months,
including the Japanese, the Japanese living habits and the law, after the end
of the training and signed a contract of employment by Japanese labor law on
the protection of minimum wage standards and regulations . According to the
original system, the first year of entry into trainees from the Japanese labor
law protection;

Off track system

In December 2008, the international organization Human Rights Commission
released a report, it is recommended that the employer "of the exploitation of
trainees and technical interns to penalties and sanctions" and recommended
that Japan consider "the establishment to protect the rights of foreigners,
for the purpose of capacity building. system, instead of the recruitment of
cheap labor system. "

The face of criticism from all sides, the Japanese government began to be an
amendment to the trainee system: Since July 1, 2010, the new requirements and
skills of interns start the implementation of the trainees, improvements
include:

On July 2 this year, Ibaraki Prefecture Kashima Labor Standards Inspection
Office finds that, due to sudden cardiac death in June 2008, China Jiangsu
membership trainees Jiang Xiaodong "karoshi". The survey found that Jiang
Xiaodong the last three months before his
death,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), the monthly overtime hours long in
about 100 hours. In November 2007, the overtime hours were as high as 181
hours.

In addition, the Government of the receiving unit to strengthen the guidance,
supervision and support, enterprise offenses, five years ban to receive
overseas trainees, originally imposed penalties, the ban period of 3 years.

The new regulations palliatives

As Japan's "research students" gradually "degenerate", the Japanese domestic
public opinion and international organizations have also questioned and
criticized.

"Trainee" program began in 1981, the Japanese government's original intention
is to strengthen international cooperation, Japan's advanced technology
transfer to developing countries, to promote the economic development of the
"trainee" mother country, and project time for one year.

In the 1990s, however, Japan's bubble economy burst, the aging of society is
serious, the birth rate long hovering at the lowest valley, a serious shortage
of young labor force in rural areas, coupled with the impact of a large number
of other Asian countries for cheap labor,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), making a large number of
Japanese companies benefit a sharp decline in The idea, a good system, in
operation gradually deviated from the normal track. Many companies driven by
profit, in practice, the trainees as cheap labor from overseas, the mentality
of some of the trainees to change: I came to Japan is no longer in order to
learn skills, and simply to make money.

The Liqing Zhi encounter is not a special case. In fact, the payment of wages,
long working overtime, poor living conditions, illegal confiscation of
passports and communication tools such as happened in the middle of the
"trainee" uncommon, some people even lost their lives.

Only "the tip of the iceberg."

Li-liang, Abiko, said: "Japanese law does not allow the introduction of non-
skilled workers from overseas, this system has remained there since the 1990s
economic bubble burst, mainly because the business community to put pressure
on the government, after all, corporate nature is to lower the costs to the
pursuit of profit. "

Secretary General of the Federation of Bar Associations of foreign trainees
Abiko Li-liang, the trainees are young adults, have passed a medical
examination before leaving the country,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), the proportion of
dying from heart and brain diseases is the equivalent of twice the Japanese of
the same age, and thus very may be caused because the labor intensity is too
large.

&lt;p&gt;Was established in June 2008, the "foreigner trainees Federation of
Bar Associations is a non-governmental organizations of attorneys, is designed
to put pressure on trainees rights, and government departments,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
to achieve the goal of the eventual abolition of this system. Currently, the
organization a total of 118 members of the lawyers distributed throughout
Japan, trainees are dealing with litigation, 25.

Jiang Xiaodong event but the 'tip of the iceberg', if you do not change the
nature of this system,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), similar cases
of death from overwork will not be able to avoid, Abiko Liliang said.

Japanese trainee system provides trainees per week working hours shall not
exceed 40 hours, not allowed to work overtime, the receiving unit of the
Japanese side to the trainees to solve the normal round trip international
travel,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com" ), accommodation, insurance costs they
bear, and the issuance of each month is usually the cost of living 6-80000 yen
cost of living. By the receiving club transferred to the skills of interns,
overtime arrangements, individuals may not be made to work overtime
requirements, overtime pay in accordance with the provisions of receiving club
and the Japanese labor law. The second year, trainees have to bear half of the
Employees' Pension and health insurance costs borne by the host club, the
other half.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [his legendary life become a hot topic on the network.](http://xfzx.aliapp.com/read.php?tid=17023&displayMode=1 "http://xfzx.aliapp.com/read.php?tid=17023&displayMode=1" )
  * [She believes that](http://bikersdestination.com/bikers-network/user/blogs/view/name_Sky2/id_173917/title_Privacy-Notice/ "http://bikersdestination.com/bikers-network/user/blogs/view/name_Sky2/id_173917/title_Privacy-Notice/" )
  * [Users to enter the bunker](http://www.sswm999.com/viewthread.php?tid=279481&extra= "http://www.sswm999.com/viewthread.php?tid=279481&extra=" )


##  For example

In fact,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), Bin Laden is often itself to fighting poet
himself as a fearless anti-US fighters ". Bin Laden favorite chant of the
poetry created by a nameless jihadists: "I am the enemy of the United States,
death will not change,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), it is a
source of destruction, it is the branches of evil."

Miller believes that bin Laden is well versed in the skills of poetry,
especially bin Laden poems imagery is very rich, but largely reflects two
themes: first, to celebrate the courage of the young; celebrate the greatness
of God.

However, little is known, Flagg Miller, UC Davis assistant professor of
opinion, bin Laden is a skilled poet. " Last year, Miller finishing Laden
Poems published in the October issue of the "language exchange"
magazine,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), he is also preparing to write a book,
and analysis of bin Laden's poetry and its role in the "jihad".

Die Zeit: Through these poems, how to recognize bin Laden

"His poetry is like a horror film

For many people, Osama bin Laden, but a barbarian, but he was in the Muslim
world, many young people as an anti-Western fighters. 9.11 after offering a
reward of tens of millions of dollars to bin Laden's head, but he was always
"good luck" still at large, but also delivered a speech to the world from time
to time hiding in a cave. &lt;/p&gt;

Even if it is a little bit, until

&lt;p&gt;Miller believes that "This highlights the view of the world of bin
Laden, bin Laden is a quest, but his tragedy is that he can not expect the
next thing." However, Miller also believes that "if bin Laden is still
alive,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), he is still still write poetry. "

Blade was red with blood.

In the fall of 2001, more than a month after the outbreak of the events of
September 11, the United States against Afghanistan violent military action.
At that time, bin Laden in Afghanistan worthy of a large Kazakh hasty transfer
in a dark night, lost a lot of things go too hastily, the results,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), which will include all the audio tapes of bin Laden daily life record.

Die Zeit: As an Arabic literary scholar, how to assess bin Laden's poetry

Flagg Miller: bin Laden is a rich appeal of the propagandist, his news and
radical theology integration, triggering the interest of young people in his
poetry is full of militant. His poetry is full of hatred and hostility against
the United States, claiming to be the enemy of the United States. In fact, bin
Laden spent a few years to hone his own point of view, have been looking for
their own political platform. Sometimes he was very extreme, he even non-
Muslim group called the "dog", but he also asked the followers of civilization
some Western governments. In fact, we can see that some of the poetry from bin
Laden, bin Laden is a very calm tone of voice when he read poetry sometimes
seems very mild.

A haunted boat in the waves from time to time.

Brothers of the East is ready for equipment

December 7, 2001, these tapes CNN found, then forwarded to the Federal Bureau
of Investigation (FBI). These tapes will be transferred to some
universities,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), research, and now all hidden at
Yale University, according to Miller, is expected in 2010 will be open to the
public.

They move forward, until

Is really smiling hero.

Allah will not let me in the eye

Its death, it is

It enveloped with the sea in the arrogance and virtual force

"Fried eggs" as a battle

Flagg Miller: about 1500 tapes, which is not particularly clearly audible, the
time span of about 1988-2000, authenticity have been through the
identification, in general, is reliable. Which can be roughly divided into
three periods. The first period was the 1980s. Most of the speech to the home
of people, mainly against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. The second
period was the mid-1990s, when the subject has undergone great changes, the
Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, bin Laden that the U.S. military presence
in the Persian Gulf throughout the Muslim world is a big insult. The third
period is the late 1990s, this period, bin Laden mad hatred of the United
States, advocated jihad against the United States, he will also be stationed
in the Persian Gulf troops contemptuously relegated to the "no fighting
chickens.

Be afraid on the high seas caused by fear

Away from the most distinguished persons who,

A destroyer, and even the most courageous people

Professor Miller, 40 years old, grew up in the American Midwest, his father is
a lawyer and high school French teacher. At the age of 17,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
Miller, as an exchange student studying in Tunisia over a year, come back
after studying Arabic Literature admitted to the U.S. elite Dartmouth College,
studying for a master's degree and later went to the famous Oxford University
in England, and finally in Michigan University doctorate in cultural
anthropology. As an anthropologist, Miller born interested in language, in
particular, fascinated by the Arab tribal languages. After graduate school,
Miller will join the teaching in Arabic, the current curriculum in the
University of California, Davis,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), professor of Arabic poetry.

Their last heroic fall.

Die Zeit: Some experts said bin Laden's poetry is fighting, how do you look at
bin Laden poetry this call to action on terrorist activities

Miller said in a tape, a deep voice that he was shocked. One morning, one on
the stove to make breakfast the Muslim cleric chatter, as if planning a major
attack like. But in the end, Miller finally figure it out, He is in explaining
to a group of "soldiers" how to fry eggs in it.

In five years, Miller has a detailed study of the bin Laden tapes. According
to Miller, that the tapes most of bin Laden's private conversations, a lot is
not a formal occasion. Miller also found that, in his speech, bin Laden often
impromptu "embed" their own poems. Miller believes that "Thanks to this magic,
bin Laden has conquered the heart of a Muslim youth.

Flagg Miller: Bin Laden is a very literate poet,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), He is a good flexible poetic
rhyme and rhythm.

Moreover, according to Miller, bin Laden is still a poem in high praise of
extreme terrorist attacks on the U.S. Cole warship thing. October 12, 2000,
the United States, "Cole destroyer exploded in the southern port of Aden,
Yemen, 17 U.S. Marines were killed and 35 wounded. The attackers were mainly
extremists from Afghanistan and Egypt and other countries. This poem was read
out by bin Laden in his son's wedding, was attending the wedding of hundreds
of Arab militants loudly applauded. Wrote a poem:

Osama bin Laden, fighting poet

Miller responded that part of his character from bin Laden's poems can be
interpreted. For example, bin Laden love Yin Koran and jihadist poetry, most
of the content is full of hatred against the United States. Miller said: "It
is important to know a devil than to understand a normal difficulties, which
just highlights the value of research."

Under the huge Phantom, it slowly

Kabul fighting camel is ready to go

"This small detail tells us that the center of jihad, whether it is what it
was like," Miller said: "This shows that their life is very boring, and they
are waiting for the jihad, the early arrival. Therefore, they are
bored,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), it is convenient to breakfast than an
attack, suggesting that their daily life is highly combative. "

According to Miller, bin Laden tape also recalled the years of anti-Soviet war
in Afghanistan, he will call them "martyrs" killed in action. In a poem, bin
Laden wrote: "God has given them to the glory of the martyrs will not feel any
pain. In addition to poetry, bin Laden since 1990 on the number of weddings
and banquets prayer recitation, these works later recorded.

Flagg Miller: tapes by the U.S. Cable News on December 7, 2001 found in
Afghanistan, and then transferred to the FBI. Subsequently, these tapes will
be transferred to some university research, all hidden at Yale University, is
expected in 2010, to the public. About five years ago, the U.S. Federal Bureau
of Investigation officials to find me, they want me to identify the bin Laden
tapes contain "information" of some kind to be passed to terrorists. In this
way, I began to come into contact with bin Laden's poetry.

Die Zeit: the authenticity of these tapes is reliable

Flagg Miller: I is not bin Laden's ideological and simplistic, but attempts to
do a deeper understanding. There is no doubt that bin Laden is responsible for
many terrorist attacks, we are always a good education on the self, but know
nothing about the devil, this is a great understanding of the problem. These
tapes will help us understand we still do not quite understand the
transaction, which would include the problems associated with terrorist
activities. Although the violence and brutality of the war so that any
listeners disgusted, but poetry was able to be violent sublimation to a higher
moral level.

However, many Arab issues experts do not agree with Miller published bin
Laden's poetry, a scholar said: "His poetry seems childish and savage, like
the horror film such as the following song:

Invested in the smoke of war,

For example, in a speech, bin Laden referred to the Koran "a fable about the"
elephant ", saying it was during the Arab tribes, the Abyssinian army For
aggression, the holy city of Mecca, a holy Temple, was the force of the enemy
is very powerful, but the Arabs by virtue of tenacity and a miracle victory
over the enemy - Osama bin Laden told the audience, birds leaving the boulder
from the mouth of elephants and hitting have fled in all directions. In my
opinion, this kind of imagination exaggerated the Arab tribes to fight against
the enemy's forces, but this is precisely what bin Laden, the main source of
faith.

Miller in the classroom often used as bin Laden and the poetry of the
Guantanamo prisoners materials, it is natural that this teaching method in
American society caused a certain degree of controversy. Some experts believe
that bin Laden is a nihilist criminals, so it is not necessary to explore with
bin Laden's inner world. However, in Miller's view, "In fact, this is a
serious mistake", he felt that even the devil, human understanding of the
obligations.

Famous American intellectual Courand company's anti-terrorism expert on France
sweat pull Ali Miller of bin Laden poetry is a new direction, it has a very
important value, it is to reveal the areas of human thinking has not yet
arrived .

Die Zeit: Bin Laden is a poet, this is really a shocking news. There is no
doubt that it presents the other side of the bin Laden. However, how did you
get these poems

Bin Laden left a huge number of tapes, the FBI had commissioned the
universities and research institutions to conduct research. Proficient in
Arabic, Miller is very natural to become a member of the study tapes.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [Bean moved to a nursing home in Bradford in the 101 years of age](http://www.cshjw.com/thread-228493-1-1.html "http://www.cshjw.com/thread-228493-1-1.html" )
  * [said the Turkish extremist forces](http://www2.my0538.com/bbs/boke.asp?mysete43k8.showtopic.41408.html "http://www2.my0538.com/bbs/boke.asp?mysete43k8.showtopic.41408.html" )
  * [Salah ad Din province](http://reveredguild.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?66917.last "http://reveredguild.com/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?66917.last" )


##  More than 11 points yesterday

More than 11 points yesterday, a funeral car Miss Hou's body away. According
to the district police office
personnel,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), the police initially identified as a
suicide. Families have gradually came to cooking the funeral of Miss Hou.

According to neighbors said,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Ms. Hou,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), 55,
last year was diagnosed with cancer. "Recently,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), her head wrapped in gauze,
may be chemotherapy hair's sake." Jiao said. Guess Miss Hou falls because some
neighbors,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), "estimates can not stand the pain,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
taking advantage of his wife children it was not at home,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
work,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com" ), and that they jump."

'noisy' dog is particularly funny,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschere.biz "http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), many people
are aware of." But a month ago, a neighbor found Ms. Hou's two dogs,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseefr.com" ), that they sent. &lt;/p&gt;

Related to the theme articles：

  * [or become the opposition](http://ilkdom.com/trinidad-and-tobago-localization/blogs/posts/xipaulswj "http://ilkdom.com/trinidad-and-tobago-localization/blogs/posts/xipaulswj" )
  * [while trying to erecting a ladder to the board](http://www.bschina.cn/plus/view.php?aid=274258 "http://www.bschina.cn/plus/view.php?aid=274258" )
  * [Trainees immigrants must accept the adaptability training for two months](http://www.zhangzhong.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=37318 "http://www.zhangzhong.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=37318" )


##  a virus or bacterium of the disease.

's research has found that the United States each year approximately 19
million parasites in the drinking water,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), a virus or bacterium
of the disease.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [ranked No. 3](http://blog.smokymedicine.jp/archives/2012/01/20-185030.html#comments "http://blog.smokymedicine.jp/archives/2012/01/20-185030.html#comments" )
  * &lt;a href="[http://abc.xp3.biz/luntan/home.php?mod=space&amp;uid=77&amp;do=blog&amp;quickforward=1&amp;id=6220](http://abc.xp3.biz/luntan/home.php?mod=space&uid=77&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=6220 "http://abc.xp3.biz/luntan/home.php?mod=space&uid=77&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=6220" )" target="_blank"&gt;the urgent necessity to e-mail recipients to borrow $ 3&lt;/a&gt;
  * [ SINA Corporation All rights reserved](http://www.hkcaa.org/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=135&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=1817 "http://www.hkcaa.org/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=135&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=1817" )


##  because the cellar space is very small

&lt;p&gt;It is reported that on March 16, the Austrian state capital of St.
the glass herten district court will be formally hearing the case.
Then,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz "http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), the imprisoned and raped daughter for 24
years, Fritz will face murder,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), rape,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
incest, illegal confinement,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), slavery and abuse a number of
allegations. (Ru-Chi)

According to Fritz accountable, because the cellar space is very small,[ray
ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), and can only accommodate one person,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), so
he must think of ways to expand the original place of storage of food. Talking
about here, Fritz once again stressed that he had to take good care of the
daughter and she gave birth to children trapped in the
cellar,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesefr.com" ), including the provision of food,[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), books and toys. Some media
said that he had been repeatedly stressed that this is nothing more than to
win some sympathy points.

'second victim' had imprisoned Elizabeth, a sufficient, however, in the end I
was she said tired, will be imprisoned a second girl. "

In fact, this is not the Fritz for the first time to take Elizabeth as a
"shield". In early March,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), Fritz had a psychiatric expert
"admitted that" the reason imprisoned daughter. Fritz said that in order to
prevent her drug use, say 24 years ago, he found that only 18-year-old
Elizabeth secretly hiding in a laundry, drug abuse, as a father, he felt the
need to talk to her, brought her to the kiln . But Elizabeth did not listen to
him,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), so he will be Elizabeth imprisoned.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [cruise network](http://www.andysammi.com/home/space.php?uid=18309&do=blog&id=61277 "http://www.andysammi.com/home/space.php?uid=18309&do=blog&id=61277" )
  * [the number of votes was only 37%.](http://bluemsi.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7173 "http://bluemsi.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=7173" )
  * [Education Minister Phil Goff](http://tanghui.w1.dg263.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=67520&extra= "http://tanghui.w1.dg263.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=67520&extra=" )


##  executive vice president of American International Group

&lt;p&gt;According to survey data released by the New York State Attorney
General Andrew Cuomo,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ),
17,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ), American International Group,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), a total of 418 employees received bonuses, but the amount is higher than
the $ 100,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ),000 number is not yet clear.

The insurance giant American International Group,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com" ), due to
operational difficulties accumulated over 170 billion U.S. dollars of
government aid. The group on the 15th decided to pay a bonus of $ 165 million
in 2008, caused a crusade against the sound part of the company executives.

According to reports, promised the return of the bonuses of
employees,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com
"http://www.louboutinenlignehfr.com" ), executive vice president of American
International Group, responsible for energy and infrastructure investment in
the 48-year-old Douglas Pollin, he received a bonus of more than 6.4 million
U.S. dollars. Two responsible persons in addition to Pollin and promised to
return bonuses, including the financial business of American International
Group, the North American market - James Haas,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), 47
-year-old and 43-year-old Jon Lieber,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
Al Gore, they are willing to in accordance with the Leedy Mr. thinks fit to
do. "

reported that Liddy,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), attend congressional hearings on the
18th,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschere.biz "http://www
.france-burberrypaschere.biz" ), said he has urged the employees to return the
bonuses, which amount is higher than $ 100,000 were recommended for the return
of" at least half. Part of the staff there to return all the prize money, but
there are some people get a bonus to leave the company. &lt;/p&gt;Related to
the theme articles：

  * [look poised](http://www.ddlyw.com/bbs/boke.asp?apr4prt0c.showtopic.9693.html "http://www.ddlyw.com/bbs/boke.asp?apr4prt0c.showtopic.9693.html" )
  * [the Information Agent](http://www.asece.org/1/asece_net_242445.html/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/317946 "http://www.asece.org/1/asece_net_242445.html/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/317946" )
  * [and there are commercial buildings only open layer." Mr. Jing recalls](http://www.jianfei567.info/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=230896&extra= "http://www.jianfei567.info/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=230896&extra=" )


##  slandering the work in the garlic to the garden workers

's brother-in by the police investigation on suspicion of operating an illegal
gambling sites last year and asked the man to a small portion of the stolen
money buried in their own garlic to. &lt;/p&gt;

Possession of the money was brought to light the sky due to Mr Lee. Earlier
this year,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), slandering the work in the garlic to the
garden workers, said the latter work,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com "http://www.hervelegeronsaler.com" ),
stole 700 million won ($ 630,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ),000). Workers on the 8th to
the police.

&lt;p&gt;The police said that previously had arrested Mr Lee's brother-in will
seek the arrest of Mr Lee and the confiscation of this huge amount of stolen
money.

The police then investigate and dig out from the garlic to 3 billion won ($
270,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ),000),[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletec.com"
), Lee Ka-son rental car found 10 billion won ($ 900,[coach outlet](http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagsea.com"
),000),[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), found in the apartment of their
families in Jeollabuk-do Jeonju 115 million won ($
103,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootcfr.com" ),500). Police on the 10th and found 24
plastic boxes containing 8.6 billion won ($
7,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ),740,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com"
),000).

Related to the theme articles：

  * [with nearly 300](http://www.carloon.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=70543 "http://www.carloon.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=70543" )
  * [while the Gorky Automotive Group will also receive 40 billion rubles](http://bbs.ruian577.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=81130&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=395810 "http://bbs.ruian577.com/home.php?mod=space&uid=81130&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=395810" )
  * [According to the latest statistics](http://yesimcerenbozoglu.com/forum/index.php?topic=11297.msg116326#msg116326 "http://yesimcerenbozoglu.com/forum/index.php?topic=11297.msg116326#msg116326" )


##  Charlie Patton

Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley was about to play a simple cooking
equipment,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), camping Earthly Branches,[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the ice beneath them
suddenly began to break.

Charlie Patton,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the other crewmembers, said:
"In the beginning,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), we heard some of the burst of
sound,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), and soon the ice began to fall apart,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
everything happened very suddenly".

Daniels said that a disaster occurs,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), you must quickly decide to which side,
and as soon as possible to rescue some of the scientific equipment in order to
avoid greater losses.

​​climate change impact on the Arctic to be research,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
), &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Fortunately,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), the ice did not recur in the final
of the greater fracture,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), expedition team is also able to escape
the terrible disaster. Accident or several scientists fear.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [the recording said he bought this house](http://www.cssdc.net/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=128&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=2698 "http://www.cssdc.net/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=128&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=2698" )
  * [ School year](http://www.sx0912.cn/bbs/boke.asp?chong4erw3r8.showtopic.12693.html "http://www.sx0912.cn/bbs/boke.asp?chong4erw3r8.showtopic.12693.html" )
  * [the motorcycle suddenly burned](http://affsocial.org/index.php?do=/user/login/ "http://affsocial.org/index.php?do=/user/login/" )


##  Korea Central Daily News columnist wrote

Temple University Japan Campus Director of the Asian Studies Jeffrey Kingston,
said that China's "smile diplomacy" stressed that China's rise will not
threaten his country,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), but now many benefits of this
foreign policy has been damaged. "People are re-consider this issue ... the
U.S. military presence to counter China's military,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ),
which has been recognized by more people in Southeast Asia and Japan,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" )," he
said.

National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies in
Tokyo,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), Japan Narushige Michishita said: "We
(Japan) is working to strengthen relations with the United
States,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), South Korea and Australia to increase
the bargaining chips to China. This is not the Chinese
say,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), 'You are our enemies' but that 'we
ready'. "

's upcoming visit the U.S. next week, then uneasy state of mind of Asian
countries will pay close attention to the meeting of Chinese and U.S. leaders
to pay attention to any signals on Sino-US relations trends. Many countries in
Asia,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), holds wary of Chinese
intentions,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), but do not want to stimulate
the rise in the superpower, they are faced with a tricky dilemma: how to
balance adjust their relations with China and the United States. &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Reported that the view of this, Japan and South Korea this week
agreed to strengthen military ties to the face of the North Korean threat.
Although the South Korean military painstakingly explained that Japan and
South Korea military exchanges and contain China has nothing to do,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), but analysts believe that policy-makers on the China factor
can certainly consider. Moon Chang-keuk, Korea Central Daily News columnist
wrote: "for national security,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
), we must block the power game in China. But economically we also need to
cooperate with China, so this is a real dilemma."

Michishita said: "The message here is very clear compared to the rise of
China, American power is down in the long run, the United States as a security
partner will no longer be so credible and reliable. To compensate for the
relative decline of U.S. power blank, we need more partners. "

Related to the theme articles：

  * [According to Swedish law](http://bestidol.org/en/index.php/User:Sophie2qto#According_to_Swedish_law "http://bestidol.org/en/index.php/User:Sophie2qto#According_to_Swedish_law" )
  * [they are not very clear.](http://www.jizemh.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2870 "http://www.jizemh.com/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=2870" )
  * [was accused of "vulgar in the vulgar".](http://www.fudan.de/home//space.php?uid=27915&do=blog&id=536795 "http://www.fudan.de/home//space.php?uid=27915&do=blog&id=536795" )


##  the tension baby will be relaxed.

&lt;p&gt;■ news "new father" learning to do the operation of infant massage

's endocrine system,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), which increased prolactin. This tumor
development is very slow, and mostly without surgery. General proposition rely
on drugs to adjust the level of prolactin secretion, the disease is more
common in female patients, but also tend to be ignored. Men once high
prolactin is likely to cause a variety of
diseases,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), such as male breast hypertrophy and
idiopathic delayed puberty, male puberty,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
breast development, and sexual dysfunction. Like Lee this situation is
relatively light, only need medication to control the disease. Di Zhuren
recommended Lee taking bromocriptine to reduce prolactin, observe and follow-
up after taking the drug. Listening to experts explain, Mr. Lee to put down
the ideological burden. &lt;/p&gt;

"Generally about 24 hours after birth,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-
burberrypaschera.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), it can be
carried out for the first time massage." Jiangsu Province People's Hospital,
Hexi Branch, Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Jiangsu Province, the
production Forcon Xin ward matron Yu Rong, the massage can promote the infant
nervous system development, and enhance the resistance of the lymphatic
system,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), to enhance communication between the
family and the baby. Yu Rong said, the hospital obstetrics to provide
comprehensive services for maternal and child, according to the needs of
mothers and their families every day arrange professional nursing for newborn
massage operation, to enable parents to the scene to learn the skills of the
nursing infant, and to teach parents of newborn children choking first aid,
baby bathing, umbilical care, buttocks,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), care, knowledge of a series
of nursing infants. Chen Buwei text / photo

Amniotic fluid, the baby lived nearly 10 months after the birth of the body
exposed to the air, make them feel isolated and afraid. If the baby's body and
touch,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), nerve endings in the skin
will be excited, and immediately sent to the brain,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), the tension baby will be relaxed.

After treatment, the symptoms of Lee's has been effectively controlled. The
experts have warned that once the men found a similar situation, have to go to
a regular hospital,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), to avoid tension,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
), cut can not listen to some non-standard medical institutions flicker, delay
in treatment or improper treatment, unnecessary distress to bring their own.
Xu Xiaorong Dandan

Related to the theme articles：

  * [Woman before marriage do hymen repair surgery death suspected narcotic overdose](http://www.momentface.com/momentface/profile.php?user=ftgz00141&v=comments "http://www.momentface.com/momentface/profile.php?user=ftgz00141&v=comments" )
  * [occupation of the "hawk"](http://www.gesby.net/gesby/blogs/5/10676/como-preparar-mi-gesby-blog "http://www.gesby.net/gesby/blogs/5/10676/como-preparar-mi-gesby-blog" )
  * [the organizers closed earlier in the day the two bridges in the one](http://2012-5.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=123998&extra= "http://2012-5.net/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=123998&extra=" )


##  's fantasy

's fantasy,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), not can not as a textbook for sex. "Red
tone firefly Road,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), for example:" For
example,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), many people see the clips just shooting
later processing,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), so to learn how to use condoms to
protect themselves . "&lt;/p&gt;

Related to the theme articles：

  * ['friendly'". Reported that the most recent poll](http://ya-schastye.ru/blog.php?user=sophie1mku&blogentry_id=50020 "http://ya-schastye.ru/blog.php?user=sophie1mku&blogentry_id=50020" )
  * [but also slimming and skincare. Order to allow these girls the bait](http://www.jujusports.com.cn/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=49297&extra= "http://www.jujusports.com.cn/bbs/viewthread.php?tid=49297&extra=" )
  * [Egyptian real estate mogul incitement to murder was a lenient sentence](http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/ "http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/" )


##  Reported that fact

&lt;p&gt;

's remarks were a mockery of the ruling party,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
), the ruling party,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), which proves that he is not a credible
leader.

Reported that fact,[ralph lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), this is not Albert,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), the first slip of the tongue. Last
year,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), he once described the United
Nations Climate Change Conference held in Copenhagen,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschera.com" ), Denmark,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), and Hitler signed the Munich agreement
par once,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), because to describe the Deputy Prime Minister
Gillard behavior indecent grounds of criticism.

Finance Minister Tanner said: "Albert is the history of Australia first
announced in its platform,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), 'Do not believe me,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
unless it is in black and white down' political leaders."

Related to the theme articles：

  * [post a comment](http://www.gdzjzs.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=145&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=14722 "http://www.gdzjzs.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=145&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=14722" )
  * [the famous scenic spot Lihu shore](http://bbs.cpiano.com/forumdisplay.php?fid=62 "http://bbs.cpiano.com/forumdisplay.php?fid=62" )
  * [using the money to buy the local council](http://www.servus-waalwijk.nl/forum/index.php?topic=99795.msg193903#msg193903 "http://www.servus-waalwijk.nl/forum/index.php?topic=99795.msg193903#msg193903" )


##  the case of unsuccessful negotiations

The Cai Mouwen and Yao Moujuan they married, both parents because of the gifts
the problem, several rounds of consultations fail to come into conflict. In
accordance with the saying of the man Caimou Wen Yao Mouhui he demanded
180,000 yuan bride price money, but he said he did not have so much money, and
finally promised to give 70,000 yuan to Yao Mouhui. Later, Cai Mouwen, he is
only 4 million on hand and slowly give the remaining $ 30,000.

Noon on November 19,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ), 2009, the case of unsuccessful
negotiations, Yaomou Juan suggested that the two people go out to dinner.
Yaomou Juan and father Yao Mouhui and brother-in-law even a first down the
stairs in the stairwell Caimou Wen and his son down the stairs. Later, Yao
Mouhui Police said they have not figure out how one thing,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), Cai
Mouwen and father the Cai Mouhui upstairs rushed down, and called to them
right about face.

The Yao Mouhui seeing a done deal, acquiesced in this marriage, but he beg for
to Cai Mouwen its family from the bride price money. His hair saying, do not
give the bride price of money, or into this marriage.

Caimou Wen's rental house, two people sit down and talk for a long time, and
ultimately failed to reach a consensus.

Recently, the Dongguan People's Court of First Instance judgment Caimou Wen
and his son guilty of intentional assault, Cai Mouwen jailed for two years,
Cai Mouhui jailed for three years three months. A marriage eventually ended in
tragedy.

"80" after the Yao Moujuan and Cai Mouwen online awareness, love, and then to
talk of marriage the point. However, the Yao Moujuan the father Yao Mouhui
learned that her daughter's romance, he believes Cai Mouwen from the first
marriage, good enough for his daughter,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), and resolutely
opposed to his daughter and Cai Mouwen married. Yao Moujuan despite the
objections of his father, select and Cai Mouwen elope.

's father, Yao Mouhui huge bride price money need to pay $ 180,000 to the man,
otherwise you will wreck duck. Cai Mouwen only promised to give 70,000 yuan
bride price, and to pay 40,000 yuan. The Yao Mouhui rejected the proposal of
the man, determined to take my daughter home. The Cai Mouwen and father Cai
Mouhui fruit knife holders the Yao Mouhui and great son with a chopped.
&lt;/p&gt;

Negotiations to no avail:

The judge settle a lawsuit:

The two sides fighting process, Cai Mouhui use prepared Stun even a electric
shock, and even a electric shock, beaten with clubs falls to the ground.
Subsequently, the Caimou Hui took out a fruit knife with a face chopped Cai
Mouhui also even a wounded. Cai Mouwen is holding a fruit knife father Yao
Mouhui chopped Yao Moujuan due to stepped forward and tried to mediate Caimou
Wen mistakenly cut injury, Cai Mouwen is scratched in the course of a fruit
knife and Yao Moujuan compete .

Yao Mouhui some rhetoric to the police record said Cai Mouwen promised good to
70,000 yuan,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com
"http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), but in the end only to the
40,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ),000 yuan. Yaomou Hui, Cai Mouwen breach
of promise, he firmly put her home.

&lt;p&gt;Son draw his sword, chopped father-in-law

Father-in speaker:

The case is an incidental civil action part, the court Caimou Wen and his son
compensation Yao Mouhui a loss of more than 5200 yuan.

"80",[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), the woman and her boyfriend to elope

Fighting occurred Caimou Wen called the police. After receiving the alarm, the
public security organs to Caimou Wen back to the survey, and presided over the
two sides to mediation. A result of mediation to no avail, November 28, 2009,
the public security organs Caimou Wen and Cai Mouhui arrested and brought to
justice.

November 19, 2009, of Yao Moujuan's father,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), Yao
Mouhui Yaomou Juan's brother-in-law even together came from Fujian Province
town of Dongguan Zhangmutou, Yao Mouhui this trip is to beg for bride price
money.

"Courtship" hygiene conditions:

By forensic Yaomou Juan's brother-in-law even a serious injury, Yao Mouhui
suffered minor injuries, the Cai Mouwen father Cai Mouhui are subject to minor
injury. Recently, the Dongguan People's Court, Cai Mouhui, Caimou Wen and his
son intentionally causing bodily harm, causing a serious injury,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), one person was lightly wounded,
and constituted the crime of intentional injury.

Ask for 18 million huge gifts

In August 2009, she took from home identity documents, and the Cai Mouwen to
local civil affairs department registration of marriage, then they both went
to the town of Dongguan Zhangmutou work, had played a double beds double the
habitat of the day.

Guilty of intentional assault and his son jailed

The court said that, in view of the case is caused due to matrimonial
disputes, victims Yaomou Hui and even there the fault. In addition, Cai Mouwen
is surrendered in accordance with the law can be mitigated punishment, Cai
Mouhui a good attitude,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), appropriate sentences. Ultimately,
Caimou Wen was sentenced to two years, Cai Mouhui was sentenced to three years
three months.

This family tragedy actor named Cai Mouwen Fujian the Longhai stone yards town
native, 30-year-old Cai Mouwen had been married once, and ultimately chose to
divorce his wife for emotional breakdown. The heroine of the story called
Yaomou Juan,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the 25-year-old, she Fujian
Longhai purple town.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [it is the answer --- calls out 'meow' "](http://www.dao.org.hk/uchome/space.php?uid=40832&do=blog&id=793812 "http://www.dao.org.hk/uchome/space.php?uid=40832&do=blog&id=793812" )
  * [trapped in an over 70-meter-high cliff.](http://lukepec.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=2784&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=44472 "http://lukepec.com/bbs/home.php?mod=space&uid=2784&do=blog&quickforward=1&id=44472" )
  * [is not it Zhang master nodded](http://jazz-search.com/simplemachinesforum/index.php?topic=110121.msg124660#msg124660 "http://jazz-search.com/simplemachinesforum/index.php?topic=110121.msg124660#msg124660" )


##  one of them pulled out a document showed me

"I told them the documents, one of them pulled out a document showed me, is
really off tube at." Wang said,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), these inspectors dressed in plain
clothes, shocked,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), and the attitude is not good, a
quarrel with each other. The inspectors asked a few questions, there is no
problem, the master let the king and his entourage left.

The passenger Office: law enforcement norms

Master Wang said that the daughter pregnant for more than 50 days after the
body has been good, suddenly abortion family very surprised. Master Wang and
his son believe that this is because the cross-examination of the passenger
inspectors in the morning, Chen by a shock lead to abortion.

Originally Master Wang thought it to this end, he did not expect, daughter to
the hospital at noon that day the bleeding symptoms, a medical examination and
decided to carry out an abortion.

Zhang said that the entire law enforcement process inspectors are fairly
standard,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com
"http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), and no uncivilized law
enforcement. If the royal passenger inspectors have the responsibility, you
can complain to the authorities, if the authority of the department or the
court determines that the customer management department has the
responsibility to the customer management department will not shirk its
responsibility.

Lawyer: Royal evidence is not conclusive

Zhang Jun, a video shot by law enforcement officers, and inspectors to pull
the door in the video, a law enforcement officer take the initiative to
produce a law enforcement certificate. Master Wang is emotional,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
has accused the inspectors to wear plain clothes law enforcement is not
standardized, video, less than ten minutes,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the last king of the master
and his entourage left, from beginning to end, the daughter-in-law of Master
Wang Chen did not come forward.

&lt;p&gt;The law firm of Jiang Su Shengdian Yan Asian lawyers responded by
saying that from the existing situation, the Royal evidence is clearly not
conclusive, can only prove that the royal daughter-in-law abortion in the car,
half-way encounter a custom control department check , but there is no
evidence that this behavior is the reason of her abortion. The cause of the
abortion have a good variety, to prove the responsibility of the customer
management department,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), Royal must have sufficient evidence to
the job.

's license, a door open." Wang said,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), to see the front of the car, he
immediately put the brakes and ask each other what is the other party that is
off the tube at the inspectors . &lt;/p&gt;

Yan Asian lawyers passenger inspection department in the enforcement process
flaws,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), whether the administrative law enforcement
personnel must wear the uniform of law enforcement,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), our legal and not very
clearly defined,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), the law neither the opposition, but
does not expressly recognized. Common practice in international administrative
law enforcement personnel should be the "sunshine law enforcement, and
uniformed law enforcement is not standardized.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [The next morning](http://thediary.org/stevenwq69/63908/The+next+morning.html "http://thediary.org/stevenwq69/63908/The+next+morning.html" )
  * [According to Lee Huai speak](http://www.dfund.org/plus/view.php?aid=884689 "http://www.dfund.org/plus/view.php?aid=884689" )
  * [you need to do the second surgery." Said Zhao deposit.](http://www.punjabonline.10h.us/index.php?do=/blog/5163/you-need-to-do-the-second-surgery-said-zhao-deposit/ "http://www.punjabonline.10h.us/index.php?do=/blog/5163/you-need-to-do-the-second-surgery-said-zhao-deposit/" )


##  without authorization

Two stone tablets unearthed in the local village, temporary custody here.
According to the staff of the local cultural relics
department,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), after a preliminary research, the tomb
dating back over 400 years of history. Learned that according to the epitaph
on the tomb surnamed Cheng,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), 40 years old when died, had two sons are
Scholars.

Archaeological experts said that the tomb surrounded by quartzite,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), the coffin an medicinal taste. Corpse placed in the ground
400 years is still immortal, thanks to the coffin to seal better.
However,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ), the tomb is an ordinary person, in
general,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), not too many funerary objects.

The owner of the tomb should be an ordinary person

Written by more than 400 years

&lt;p&gt;Caicun the village
director,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), he received the news on the morning of
the 17th, and immediately reported to the county,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
), and rush to protect the site. Building dug up the coffin, Lin was
inauspicious,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), without authorization,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), the bodies were buried. Hear the
local villagers to reflect someone took the funerary objects,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the
village director immediately reported the matter to the local police station.

A man whose body was preserved &lt;/p&gt;Related to the theme articles：

  * [. Cracks](http://home.zzgb.net/chengxizhe/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6686 "http://home.zzgb.net/chengxizhe/bbs/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=6686" )
  * [00 am on September 15](http://www.byshua.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=15212 "http://www.byshua.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=15212" )
  * [Xian Moujie hold the gas bottles and lighters threat of explosion events.](http://www.openmobility.ca/index.php?topic=188937.msg212732#msg212732 "http://www.openmobility.ca/index.php?topic=188937.msg212732#msg212732" )


##  absent 4. Plus on the athletic meets

Teachers to reflect, played a certain role in this post a few days ago, school
leaders said on enough in this semester, 180 is enough, so that only a teacher
of reckoning in the end of the semester for personal
reasons,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), withheld money. However,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), the school still did not say that teachers in September
last year, the average after deducting the wages of nearly a thousand dollars
to not to be returned to. In
addition,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), the first two semesters detained money

Principal: are false

The labor security supervision department claimed to have received the
teachers' complaint letters

Holidays do not have classes counted absent from school

&lt;p&gt;Guo × teacher, for example, the Post said his long teaching
experience, double degree and solicitor, and strictly observe labor discipline
and absenteeism, the first semester in accordance with the school teachers'
workload methodology for calculating the provisions of Article weekly sessions
12 hours, but this semester he was detained for 3280 yuan.

Wan of the semester, the teacher was counted absent 62.8, neither absenteeism
was not any leave, how will be absent so much It turned out that she was
arranged to the 2009 freshmen class, but the freshmen class military training
in September. Although this is not the reason of the millions teacher, Wan
teacher to come back every day, imprisoned, but also considered Wan teacher
absences. Plus holiday "absent", the teacher was fined 5,000 yuan.

School teachers of the original super class, because the want to holiday
absence hours to fill, the results super-hours much less over the prize money
is significantly less.

Posts attached to the three forms, since September 2009,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), a
total of three semesters, one form of each semester (3 semester show only last
September), showing the class of more than 50 teachers per semester deducted
for each lesson The penalty paid standard deduction of the total amount of
very detailed. The first semester, the lowest 578 yuan deducted, withheld the
highest surnamed thousands of teachers, due to non-attendance of 62.8, 91 yuan
deducted per section 5714.80 yuan were detained.

Teacher: This is true

It turned out this semester teaching week for 17 weeks plus two
days,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), September 7, 2009 to 2010, January
5th, each teacher workload for the 17 × 12 +2 × 2.4 = 208.8 hours. The
statistical approach of the school: the National Day holiday for three days,
Guo has 12 lessons are not counted absent from school 12; Mid-Autumn Festival
holiday, Guo 4 classes is not, absent 4; New Year's Day holiday There are four
classes is not on, absent 4. Plus on the athletic meets, students review the
reasons there is no class,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Guo missing 32.8 hours. Each
class according to their wages,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), performance standards
average count of 100 yuan, a total deduction of 3280 yuan.

Why,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com" ), then,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), teachers generally due to non-
attendance have been deducted it

Y teacher said, in accordance with the internal distribution plan for the
school in March 2008 issued by the Guangzhou City, School of Justice, the
weekly workload of teachers is 12, at the same time to participate in school
activities every Tuesday, five hours less than, if you belong to the school
reason arranged by the school teachers imprisoned (every day is counted as
two), but schools are not teachers translated class method of calculating
teachers' workload. School teachers are calculated so that unexpected, so have
been deducted.

's Day leave school teacher are without pay. In addition, Huang and Wang
deduction of teachers' salaries several times for other reasons, lead to
"people sulked. From July 2009 to September 2010, more than 50 full-time
teachers of the School of Justice withheld wages totaling $ 16 million,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), more
than 3,000 yuan per capita. In September 2010, 51 full-time teachers Total
deducted 48535.6 yuan per person detained nearly thousand dollars. There are
nine teachers were detained for more than two thousand dollars up to $ 2649.6.
This is just one month! &lt;/p&gt;Related to the theme articles：

  * [Zhang Lin Tsui also asked to go with him](http://vaskemusic.com/members/home "http://vaskemusic.com/members/home" )
  * [Guangzhou intends to refuse to correct the illegal smoking punishable by a fine of 50 yuan](http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/ "http://bashkimi.freeshoutbox.net/" )
  * [long bus grabbed this man and call the phone alarm. At that time](http://wenkecae.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=11505 "http://wenkecae.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=11505" )


##  a total of 26 187 price

Matter onto the internet,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), astronomical fines to spark
controversy. For this verdict,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ), the defense lawyer of Li Qing Wang Fukui
said this tag than the market average selling price of more than ten-fold. The
court held that the actual sales of the infringing goods can not be
ascertained, it is applied to the "price tag". The case has been appealed to
the High Court in Inner Mongolia.

Erdos",[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), "Heng Yuan Xiang" trademark
counterfeit sweater. &lt;/p&gt;

The current batch of sales on the local market in Tongxiang,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), Zhejiang, purchase a complete set of processes. Sweater in
Tongxiang small workshop production elsewhere to buy the trademark
sewing,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), then sewing trademark,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), Li
Qing is responsible for the play money to these people. December 15 that year,
the Ordos in Inner Mongolia Public Security Bureau of Economic Investigation
Detachment sent to the shop Li Qing and other people arrested and detained all
clothing in the store and sell a computer on the grounds that the crime of
alleged sale of counterfeit trademark goods ".

The court finds that the fact is that the police seizure of Li Qing-store
price tag for 2180 yuan of fake "Erdos" sweater,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), for a total of 4351 price
tag for 1680 yuan fake "Erdos" sweater 17403 price tag for 968 yuan fake "Heng
Yuan Xiang" sweater, 4433,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), a total of 26 187 price,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), the price of the court as
"illegal business volume" of a total of more than 4300 million.
Ultimately,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com" ), Qing Li was sentenced to five years in
prison and fined 21.51 million yuan.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [According to reports](http://www.ethosgaming.co.uk/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?11522.last "http://www.ethosgaming.co.uk/e107_plugins/forum/forum_viewtopic.php?11522.last" )
  * [told police](http://www.fuqihk.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=2 "http://www.fuqihk.com/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=2" )
  * [excessive drinking](http://www.clickonme.me/members/home "http://www.clickonme.me/members/home" )


##  traffic police Lotus punishment.

&lt;p&gt;

,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com" )&lt;p&gt;Half an hour later, the driver of Chen
with a repairman came to the scene,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), the police immediately with the
car to the roadside. Check the driver and vehicle documents found that Chen
did not take the vehicle driving permit,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the
car has yet to schedule the annual inspection. Not bring with him for Chen,
motor vehicle driving license, not the fault of vehicles moved to the place of
the traffic and parking and other traffic violations, traffic police Lotus
punishment.

'clock yesterday morning, Yang Shan of the Second Ring Road overpass south to
north, South Side,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ), at a Hunan A6PJ09 No. red BYD car in the
driveway failure,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com" ), the driver then locked the car left
the scene. Due to the vehicle to cause serious traffic disruption,[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Hibiscus traffic police
brigade 10th squadron of police patrol, immediately went to see the vehicle
condition. Because the door was locked while driving effective contact, the
police had to be deployed on the one hand the rescue
trailer,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), on the one
hand,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), enhance on-site counseling and other
vehicles can only pass in the inside of a lane. &lt;/p&gt;

The traffic police to alert the driver
friend,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), vehicle accident, the vehicle can not
move or can not alone deal with, be sure to call 122 for help. Improper
disposal of traffic jams,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com
"http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), traffic police will be punished.

Related to the theme articles：

  * ["Beijing dog regulations](http://bbs.3mama.com/bbs/showtopic-3853.aspx "http://bbs.3mama.com/bbs/showtopic-3853.aspx" )
  * [to the Wang family](http://www.anistonchina.com/wo/space.php?uid=15928&do=blog&id=89987 "http://www.anistonchina.com/wo/space.php?uid=15928&do=blog&id=89987" )
  * [The 10-year-old child why sudden death According to Li Jinbao memories](http://edu.nac.com.cn/dz_edu/forumdisplay.php?fid=5 "http://edu.nac.com.cn/dz_edu/forumdisplay.php?fid=5" )


##  the introduction of the fellow

's drive. A winter they stay near the Liuhua station, house to house looking
for various advertising
companies,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), two weeks later, still does not see
Eying figure. &lt;/p&gt;

At this time, her money is running out, the introduction of the fellow, she
entered Dongguan Humen Taiping a factory, even though the two have been
chatting in the network, but never met. After the chat, they decided to get
married on the 25th of this month. A winter's eyes, the Eying is her husband.

Choose to commit suicide see not above

I told her no

10 days ago A winter and Eying the agreed to meet in Humen Park, this is their
first meet. Eying see A winter, but was furious. "He said I deceived
him,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), that I'm not a QQ upload to see photos
of that person." A winter, when she last have a friend with her QQ landing, to
send pictures to a beauty his original Eying love is a beautiful photo.

The man said that she sent false photos to lie

At present,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), the police have been involved in the matter.
It is reported that after the incident, Eying never appeared. Police twists
and turns, to break down the the Eying home phone, A Ying's mother and brother
came from the university town, thought it was Eying suicide. They rushed to
the hospital, learned not Eying injured, and left the hospital.

After a number of communication, they agreed to meet in the Tianhe City the
day before. 1:00 pm the day before yesterday, A winter came from Humen Milky
Way South Gate, she said, she would tell him everything, but she waited in
that afternoon, also seen Eying.

"Husband" response

&lt;p&gt;7:30 last night, promises, and she called the Eying the phone said,
"I know you're in the car on the road,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), if you do not show up,[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), I will commit suicide."
Eying he did not show up, A winter despair, threw his bag, identity card, bank
card, Liantong twice towards his abdomen.

A winter evening,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), the phone arrears,[ray ban pas
cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), she
was afraid Eying not contact on their own,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), and
specially to charge calls to go away soon, she received Eying SMS, "he said,
hardcore, and lie to him, I do not Tianhe City ", A Dongli ie, went to the
Tianhe City, you can not see the Aying The figure. She was so angry,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
to a nearby shop to buy a fruit knife.

Subsequently, Eying A winter is about to the top of a hill in the Humen Park,
did not appear. A Dong said, "I call him that, you can be married with others,
I am just watching you happy like, but if you do not come to see me, the two
of you also end up not married. He thought I was in threat reported to the
police,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ), we were taken to the police station. "
Since then, Eying no longer willing to contact and A winter.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [and also a serious reduction of water .](http://www.reclicksnetwork.com/blogs/entry/the-money-saved-not-only-do-not-hedge "http://www.reclicksnetwork.com/blogs/entry/the-money-saved-not-only-do-not-hedge" )
  * [infant care and care for the elderly](http://www.gs28.com/plus/view.php?aid=2404 "http://www.gs28.com/plus/view.php?aid=2404" )
  * [The investigators found that Tang words flashing](http://www.xiaofei.sh.cn/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=70965&extra= "http://www.xiaofei.sh.cn/discuz/viewthread.php?tid=70965&extra=" )


##  Song of warning people left a call from friends in Ukraine

Wake up, Zhang told the police the day he did not want to
live,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), at first attempted with a kitchen
knife, kitchen knife is too dull, did not succeed on swallowing sleeping
pills. Ren Guoyong

&lt;p&gt;Alarm a few minutes after a 110 police opened Gudang Bridge Street on
the 5th downstairs, the police and security quickly rushed upstairs to knock
on the door. Faced with the arrival of the police, Chang's mother is very
shocked. When police told Zhang's mother, they have just received this police
intelligence, but Zhang's mother immediately said that can not be her son
sleeping in the room. Chang's mother into the room of the son, son, when she
opened her son's quilt scene in front of her stunned, usually do not wear a
suit, then a suit and tie lying seems to be a farewell, and found the bed
side,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), empty drug packaging. Immediately
raised him from the police and security, police and security is not high head,
Xiao Zhang is the height of 180 cm. They pulled Liantuo Dai,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), Zhang will be brought to the police car, and went straight
to the Changzheng Hospital,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Nanjing Branch. After the
doctor 20 minutes to rescue Zhang wake. According to the doctor, but
fortunately in a timely manner to gastric lavage,[burberry pas
cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www.france-
burberrypaschera.com" ), swallowed sleeping pills have not been fully
absorbed, Xiao Zhang has been out of danger.

Song of warning people left a call from friends in Ukraine, international
long-distance number 003809316xxxx. According to reports, Li Jie Xinjiang, is
studying Ukraine, Zhang understanding through cultural exchange center in the
Ukraine while studying, Li Jie, Li Jie know also studying in Ukraine's Song.

User sentiment wrong, alarm users phone a friend in Ukraine

Fortunately,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), in a timely manner, the guy is not
attempted to swallow a sleeping pill

's residence in Nanjing. After a timely rescue, the suicide guy out of danger.
&lt;/p&gt;

Yesterday evening at 5:40,[air jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), Shimonoseki Special Patrol
received a 110 command center,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), Hunan Province, surnamed Song, called
long-distance telephone alarm to the police in Nanjing, one of his friends
studying in Ukraine, Li Jie (sound) entrusted him to the Nanjing police alarms
save lives, because of a friends of Li Jie Zhang Nanjing
Shimonoseki,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), who study in Ukraine, just Lijie Cha
feel to users Zhang may want to commit suicide hope that the police rushed
home to save people. Alarm Hunan Song said his friend studying in Ukraine,
just Xiao Zhang in an online chat to say some words like "farewell",[ralph
lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), Lijie Cha feel to each other
the wrong mood, seems to be going to commit suicide, Lee Jay was very worried
about him, living in Ukraine, I do not know how to inform the police of the
Nanjing. Then, Li Jie think Song Hunan work in the public security system,
then immediately think of the Song on behalf of the alarm to the Nanjing
police.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [for example](http://androidandme.com/2010/01/news/99-nexus-one-coming-to-walmart-with-att-sprint-and-verizon-3g/ "http://androidandme.com/2010/01/news/99-nexus-one-coming-to-walmart-with-att-sprint-and-verizon-3g/" )
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.ogameclup.com/showthread.php?p=172232#post172232>" target="_blank"&gt;Nine people suspected of involvement in street robbery $ 750,000 indicted&lt;/a&gt;
  * [in front of the camera](http://bbs.jiaozishequ.com/viewthread.php?tid=13697&extra= "http://bbs.jiaozishequ.com/viewthread.php?tid=13697&extra=" )


##  less than the home for money

make so much money,[ray ban pas cher](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), and Yang, who feel less than gold is a
mined at any time. , June 17, 2010,[herve
leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com "http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ),
they also took by little more than a means to lend less than 12,[michael
kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com "http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com"
),000 yuan, and stress less than IOUs write down of $ 50,000, to nightclubs
and other entertainment venues with less than the above-mentioned money shall
conduct consumer. Later, Yang and others to the IOUs as the basis to extort
20,[ralph lauren pas cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ),000 yuan less than the
father.

"Less than I borrowed 8000 dollars, up to now no it." In court, Yang claimed
that less than owed him money. Yang confessed that he has not forced less than
the family debt, less than the home for money,[burberry pas cher](http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), less
than my father believed that less than did not spend so much money is less
than the money they spend one
stroke,[mercurial](http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com
"http://www.chaussuredefootdfr.com" ), the last his father to pay back the
money. However, Yang admitted that he first lent to less than 59,500 yuan,
less than his father also had 66,600 yuan.

Yang, who denied the exception of the contacts less than they claim to work
less than in the battery factory, found no less than mental problems. However,
they can not explain why Every time I go to the nightclub consumption, are
they lend less than the money by less than the pay, and then with consumption.
They also can not explain,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), why lend to less than
12,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com
"http://www.louboutinenligneffr.com" ),000 yuan, made less than write down 5
million worth of IOUs. Therefore, the prosecutor,[ray
ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com "http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), said
Yang, who is less than the home several times in the middle of the night to
intimidate debt collection, his behavior constituted a crime of extortion. The
case today is not a judgment.

The public prosecutor that Yang and others for the purpose of illegal
possession, conspiracy to take the temptation to incapacitated victims
borrowing and spending by more than a means of stress is less than write high
IOUs, after repeatedly demanded to the less than family , resulting in less
than a family selling debt, to obtain illegal benefits,[coach
outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www.coachoutlet-
handbagseb.com" ), should be held criminally responsible for the crime of
extortion.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [Under questioning](http://www.ljunet.com/plus/view.php?aid=18443 "http://www.ljunet.com/plus/view.php?aid=18443" )
  * [the online rumors they heard](http://car18.myseo.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=223730 "http://car18.myseo.tw/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=223730" )
  * [with his girlfriend to see the doctor](http://www.americanconservativedaily.com/2009/05/he-loves-his-wife-if-only-shed-change-2/ "http://www.americanconservativedaily.com/2009/05/he-loves-his-wife-if-only-shed-change-2/" )


##  and to help the small text home purchased train tickets.

's proposal in early February,[herve leger](http://www.hervelegeronsales.com
"http://www.hervelegeronsales.com" ), came from Sichuan, Jiangxi Xinyu work.
Results Xiaowen Zhou and others to the High-tech Zone a 7-story residential
building, the restriction of personal liberty, carry documents and items from
being taken. Small text immediately realize that they fall into the trap of
illegal pyramid scheme,[michael kors](http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com
"http://www.michaelkorsoutletee.com" ), and decided to pretend to stay, then
look for opportunities to escape. The next two weeks, a small text marketing
agents escorted to and from between the Venue and dormitories, and gradually
get a clear idea of ​​the surrounding environment. &lt;/p&gt;

Around 12:00 the same day,[ray ban](http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com
"http://www.raybanpascherbfr.com" ), the High-tech Zone, Lee found the
roadside one folded into a square of paper money, so pick it up opened
it,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), found the note of banknotes wrapped
distress,[coach outlet](http://www.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com "http://www
.coachoutlet-handbagseb.com" ), and immediately to the high-tech Public
Security Bureau of Xinyu City City East police station.

11 o'clock on the 19th, the small text in a note saying, "I've been cheated
into the MLM organizations,[ralph
lauren](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), good-hearted people to help
me,[louboutin](http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com
"http://www.louboutinsoldesffr.com" ), Help the alarm address is ..." and 1
dollar notes wrapped with hidden pocket . Returned after class on the way of
accommodation, small text intentional walk in the last, and took the
opportunity to note was on the floor,[ralph lauren pas
cher](http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com
"http://www.francepoloralphlaurenpascherb.com" ), good-hearted people can
find.

After receiving the alarm, high-tech Public Security Bureau in Xinyu
City,[burberry pas cher](http://www.france-burberrypaschera.com "http://www
.france-burberrypaschera.com" ), east of the city police station swiftly and
successfully destroyed the pyramid marketing dens, rescued the small text,[air
jordan](http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com
"http://www.airjordanchaussureseffr.com" ), and quickly brought under control
eight marketing agents of the site, and to help the small text home purchased
train tickets.

Related to the theme articles：

  * [but on the students affected. After the incident](http://www.pokertrumps.com/social/user/blogs/view/name_greysky/id_66921/title_Christian-Louboutin-Look-alike-Everything-You/ "http://www.pokertrumps.com/social/user/blogs/view/name_greysky/id_66921/title_Christian-Louboutin-Look-alike-Everything-You/" )
  * [in order to change the mindset of the people](http://yibaow.youpei.net/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=23 "http://yibaow.youpei.net/bbs/forumdisplay.php?fid=23" )
  * [an official said](http://www.drinkersdigest.net/user/login/ "http://www.drinkersdigest.net/user/login/" )

