As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Rack 'n' Roll

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/a/ae/Mergefrom.gif)](/index.php/Image:Mergefrom.gif "" )

It has been suggested that _[Rack 'N' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27N%27_Roll "Rack
'N' Roll" )_ be
[merged](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merging_and_moving_pages
"wikipedia:Merging_and_moving_pages" ) into this article or section.
([Discuss](/index.php/Talk:Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Talk:Rack 'n' Roll" ))

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 **Rack 'n' Roll**
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

  
The 2007 [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) game is called Rack 'n' Roll. The game
involved manipulating various rings to make rows on a large central rack.

## Contents

  * 1 Game Description
  * 2 Strategy Discussion
  * 3 New Features
  * 4 Robots  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Game Description" )]

## Game Description

Note: this section is heavily paraphrased and/or directly copied from the 2007
[Game Manual](/index.php/Game_Manual "Game Manual" ). Until someone writes up
a better description, this will have to do.

Rack ‘n’ Roll is played by two three-team alliances on a large field with a
center structure (Rack) containing 24 “spider legs.” To score, teams use three
different types of tubes called “[Keepers](/index.php/Keeper "Keeper" ),”
“[Ringers](/index.php/Ringer "Ringer" ),” and “[Spoilers](/index.php/Spoiler
"Spoiler" ).”

The game is made up of two scoring periods. In autonomous mode, which lasts 15
seconds, robots try to place a [Keeper](/index.php/Keeper "Keeper" ) on one of
the spider legs of the [Rack](/index.php/Rack "Rack" ) using a color vision
tracking system to find one of the four target lights at the top of the rack.
Once placed, a Keeper tube may not be removed or “Spoiled.”

During the second period (2 minutes), the robots are driver controlled. In
this period the teams will attempt to score more points by using the robots to
add “Ringers” onto the spider legs or by “Spoiling” the opposing teams score
by placing a black tube over the “Ringer.” Points are earned and scored
exponentially by the number of consecutive Ringers and Keepers in a column or
row. Only the tube on the front of the spider leg will count toward the
overall score.

    
    
     Number tubes in row or column:
      1 - 2 points
      2 - 4 points
      3 - 8 points
      4 - 16 points
      5 - 32 points
      6 - 64 points
      7 - 128 points
      8 - 256 points
    

Alliances may score additional points if, by the end of the match, their
robots are in their home zone and have been lifted off the floor 4” or more
(15 points each) or 12" and above (30 points each) by _another_ robot before
the final buzzer sounds.

Explanation of Game Pieces:

  * Red or Blue w/lettering -> [Keeper](/index.php/Keeper "Keeper" )
  * Red or Blue w/out lettering -> [Ringer](/index.php/Ringer "Ringer" )
  * Black -> [Spoiler](/index.php/Spoiler "Spoiler" )

[![Image:Field2007.jpg](/media/a/a4/Field2007.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Field2007
.jpg "Image:Field2007.jpg" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Strategy Discussion" )]

## Strategy Discussion

[[edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: New Features" )]

## New Features

Besides the obvious new features associated with the new [Game
Objects](/index.php/Game_Object "Game Object" ), several new ideas were
incorporated into the 2007 game:

  * Teams now have a [Weight Class](/index.php/Weight_Class "Weight Class" ). Basically, the lower your weight, the higher your potential [Starting Configuration](/index.php/Starting_Configuration "Starting Configuration" ). 
    
    
     4 feet=120 pounds
     5 feet=110 pounds
     6 feet=100 pounds
    

  * Teams can now expand to a 6' * 6' * ceiling height [Playing Configuration](/index.php/Playing_Configuration "Playing Configuration" ), as opposed to 5' * 5' * 5' in previous years. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Robots" )]

## Robots

Due to the simple scoring nature of Rack n' Roll, there were three main types
of robots that played, and one of those types is simply a hybrid of the first
two.

  * **Offensive/Scoring:**These robots primarily used an arm or suction device to hold onto the ringers and place them on the rack. Many of these robots played defensive roles if necessary during a match. Within this class of robot, there were those who could score on all or only select levels of the rack. Many offensive robots could only score on the bottom section of the rack. 
  * **Defensive/Rampbots:**These robots were more focused on the specific task of defense. Many of these robots had powerful drive trains which allowed them to push other robots and prevent them from scoring. In addition to defense, many of these robots also had a ramp or lift system built into their design. At the end of a match these robots proved to contribute many more points in addition to the points scored on the rack. 
  * **Hybrid Bots:**These robots tended to have the characteristics of both defensive and offensive robots. Many of them had arms with which they could score, and a ramp or lift system to receive the bonus points at the end of a match. These robots tended to me the most successful of the competition season because they were more versatile as long as they could do both defensive and offensive tasks well. 

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Rack_%27n%27_Roll
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles to be
merged](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_merged "Category:Articles to be
merged" ) | [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games "Category:FRC Games" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Rack_%27n%27_Roll)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Rack_%27n%27_Roll)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Rack_%27n%27_Roll)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Rack_%27n%27_Roll)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Rack_%27n%27_Roll&oldid=76857)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 03:05, 1 August 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 6,294 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

