# Rack 'N' Roll

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/6/68/Merge-arrow.gif)](/index.php/Image:Merge-arrow.gif "" )

It has been suggested that this article or section be
[merged](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merging_and_moving_pages
"wikipedia:Merging_and_moving_pages" ) into _[Rack 'n'
Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )_.
([Discuss](/index.php/Talk:Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Talk:Rack 'n' Roll" ))

[![Rack 'N' Roll Logo](/media/thumb/0/04/Game_logo.jpg/180px-
Game_logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Game_logo.jpg "Rack 'N' Roll Logo" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Game_logo.jpg "Enlarge" )

Rack 'N' Roll Logo

This year, teams are placed on two three-team alliances, one red and one blue,
to play Rack 'N' Roll. The object of the game is to attain a higher score than
your opponent using inflatable inner tubes to create rows and columns on "The
Rack."

The rack, a large central structure, is made up of three rows. Each row
contains eight dynamic spider legs on which teams may score. Each game piece
is worth two points, and grows exponentially with the creation of new rows and
columns. For example, a column of three spider legs is worth 8 points, while a
row of six is worth 64 points. The rack also includes four illuminated green
targets (as used in the 2006 game, [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High"
)) oriented above four vertical rows of spider legs. The targets are oriented
around the rack at 90 degrees from each other so that two targets are always
visible.

Robots may also score bonus points at the end of the match if they are
entirely in their home zone, not in contact with any element of the field
(carpet, alliance station, goal etc.), and the lowest point of the robot is
higher than 4 inches above the carpeted field surface. One robot, four inches
high, will earn the alliance a total of 15 bonus points, while one robot 12
inches above floor level will earn the alliance 30 bonus points. For example,
the alliance may earn bonus points by having two teams return to the home
zone, and successfully lifting one robot at least 4 inches off the ground.

The match, a very short 2 minutes and 15 seconds begins with a 15 second
autonomous period in which teams may try and score "keepers" onto the large
center rack. Each keeper scored is worth two points and gives the alliance
possession of that spider leg for the remainder of the match. Any keepers not
hanging at the end of the autonomous period are considered void, and may not
be scored for the rest of the match.

Teams then begin the 2-minute teleoperated period, where student drivers
operate their robots for the remainder of the match. Teams may obtain game
pieces from their human player or collect loose ringers on the field to be
scored on the rack. Finally, teams may add spoiler tubes to their opponents'
rows in order to "spoil" the underlying tube and interrupt a row. Unlike
ringers, the spoiler may be de-scored and moved to another row at any time.

While competing in this game, team members are expected, even in tough
situations, to practice [gracious
professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious
professionalism" ).

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Rack_%27N%27_Roll>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Rack_%27N%27_Roll
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles to be
merged](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_merged "Category:Articles to be
merged" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Rack_%27N%27_Roll)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Rack_%27N%27_Roll)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Rack_%27N%27_Roll&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Rack_%27N%27_Roll&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Rack_%27N%27_Roll)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Rack_%27N%27_Roll)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Rack_%27N%27_Roll)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Rack_%27N%27_Roll&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Rack_%27N%27_Roll&oldid=62878)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 03:06, 6 September 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 909 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

