As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Panji12

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

If placing **[Iklan Internet Murah Efektif berkualitas Indonesia](http
://iklan-oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-murah-efektif.htm "http
://iklan-oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-murah-efektif.htm" )**, use a
remnant space purchasing service - there's several great ones around, and are
shown in the book â Direct Promotion Strategies. Remnant advertisement space
is always sold late in the selling cycle, at the last closing moments before
the printing method. You won know if your remnant space advertisement made it
in to the paper until the last second, but the steep discounts make it worth
the wait.

Also called Standby space, this is the unsold part of the newspaper left over
before the newspaper goes to press. Like an empty stool on an airplane when
the door is closing, newspaper promotion space is a perishable commodity. The
**[Iklan Internet Murah Efektif berkualitas Indonesia](http://iklan-
oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-murah-efektif.htm "http://iklan-
oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-murah-efektif.htm" )** publisher can
leave it blank - it would appear as a white hole in a grey page of print, so
sometimes they run a house advertisement for the newspaper, or sometimes a
free advertisement for a charity like the United Way. But most times its sold,
and anything paid for it is better revenue than a non-paid space. This can
mean cheap and highly discounted newspaper promotion space ads for you.

Discount newspaper promotion rates can be as high as 80% off list. Thats
right, you can get cheap newspaper promotion space by paying 20Â¢ on the
dollar by asking for remnant space or standby space. For the whole news story
on how to buy discount newspaper space read the book, Unusual Promotion
Techniques, or click through to our web-site as sometimes they feature this
news story in our rotating news story presentations.

Irrespective of the cost you pay for your **[Iklan Internet Murah Efektif
berkualitas Indonesia](http://iklan-oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-
murah-efektif.htm "http://iklan-oye.blogspot.com/2012/08/iklan-internet-murah-
efektif.htm" )** promotion rates, always ask for great placement of your
advertisement in the FRONT of the paper, on the TOP of the page (called above
the fold) and flush right - on the RIGHT HAND (outside position) of the RIGHT
hand page. This is the highest visibility spot in the paper. Ads that are in
the lower part of the paper or buried in the gutter are much lower visibility
and lose effectiveness from this poor placement.

You need to ask for this FFRH (Far Forward Right Hand position above the fold
spot before you say yes to the final placing of your advertisement. One time
you say yes to placing your newspaper advertisement, you dont have any further
negotiating power. Even highly discount print promotion rates wont help if
your advertisement isnt seen because its in the left hand page gutter -
visually buried under everyone else's advertisement. Hope this is helpful.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Panji12>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Panji12&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Panji12)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Panji12&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Panji12&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Panji12&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Panji12)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Panji12)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Panji12)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Panji12)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Panji12&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Panji12&oldid=582661)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:37, 30 August 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 1 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

