As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Tread

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Treads** are a method of [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) locomotion and are occasionally used in place of [wheels](/index.php/Wheel "Wheel" ). 

Treads are used on a "tank drive," which is a variation on the
four-[wheel](/index.php/Wheel "Wheel" ) [drive train](/index.php/Drive_train
"Drive train" ) that resembles a military tank. Treads are generally rubber
belts attached to either [sprockets](/index.php/Sprocket "Sprocket" ) or to
wheels and are thus driven that way with the belt itself providing traction
along the ground. Tank-driven robots tend to lack maneuverability in terms of
navigating curves, but have zero turn radius. While treads tend to be very
rugged, they are also very hard to repair in the event of damage or
maintenance.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Tread&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: External
links" )]

##  External links

  * [Caterpiller belt on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caterpillar_belt "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caterpillar_belt" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Tread&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Tread&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Tread>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Tread
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Robot components](/index.php/Category:Robot_components "Category:Robot
components" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Tread)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Tread&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Tread&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Tread&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Tread)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Tread)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Tread)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Tread&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Tread&oldid=77232)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 20:29, 15 November 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 1,220 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

