# Autonomous mode

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Autonomous
Period](/index.php?title=Autonomous_Period&redirect=no "Autonomous Period" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

**Autonomous mode** refers to the short period in the beginning of a match where the [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) operates without any user input, relying on pre-programmed code to operate the robot. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
History" )]

## History

Autonomous began in the 2003 game [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack
"Stack Attack" ), primarily as a means to make the
[programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" ) aspect of
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) more exciting and challenging. Since then,
the autonomous mode persisted to the [next
game](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar"
), and has been apart of all [FRC](/index.php/FRC "FRC" ) games since.

In 2003, the main options for autonomous mode included [line
following](/index.php/Line_following "Line following" ) and [dead
reckoning](/index.php/Dead_reckoning "Dead reckoning" ). In 2004, the addition
of an [IR beacon](/index.php/IR_beacon "IR beacon" ) and [IR
sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" ) added the ability to hone into the
beacon to complete a certain task to earn points. Years after 2004 have
included opportunities for [sensors](/index.php/Sensors "Sensors" ) such as a
camera or IR remote although teams still have the ability to do what they wish
in autonomous as long as they are not limited by the rules.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
See Also" )]

## See Also

  * [Programming](/index.php/Programming "Programming" )
  * [Sensors](/index.php/Sensors "Sensors" )
  * [Dead Reckoning](/index.php/Dead_reckoning "Dead reckoning" )
  * [Control System](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
External Links" )]

## External Links

  * [Kevin Watson's](/index.php/Kevin_Watson "Kevin Watson" ) [IR Beacon Tracking Code](http://kevin.org/frc/ "http://kevin.org/frc/" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Autonomous_mode>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Autonomous_mode
"Special:Categories" ): [Programming](/index.php/Category:Programming
"Category:Programming" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Autonomous_mode)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Autonomous_mode&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [174.129.228.67](/index.php/User:174.129.228.67)
  * [Talk for this IP](/index.php/User_talk:174.129.228.67)
  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Autonomous_mode)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Autonomous_mode)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Autonomous_mode)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Autonomous_mode&oldid=75830)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:14, 20 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 3,827 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

