As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:JohnWillam

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Different Types of Fleece Blanket for Your Regular Use**

  

  
Presently, [fleece blanket](http://www.thememoriesplace.com
"http://www.thememoriesplace.com" ) is one of the greatest options for keeping
yourself warm in cold weather. Fleece photo blanket is really low weighted and
made with high quality fleece that you carry it every where if you want.

**Now what is fleece?**

Fleece is a type of hair found in sheep, yaks, goats, rabbits and other
animals. Animals' fleece is extremely useful and distinctive. For centuries,
these are weaving into textiles and known as one of the oldest textiles in the
world. Not only that this is a rarity as far as nowadays products are
concerned.

This photo blanket is warm, soft and easier to wash. Any product that can be
made from fleece can also be made with micro fleece. It is of course eco-
friendlier than wool as the source is recycled plastic bottles.

Actually it is a soft material often with deep pile. The original term refers
to the coast of a sheep. The stuff was originally made from the cover of the
sheep. Now in most cases of [photo blanket](http://www.thememoriesplace.com
"http://www.thememoriesplace.com" ) manufacturer uses great quality fleeces to
make it superior.

On the other side, this kind of photo blanket would have traditionally been
made from the coat of a sheep or goat that was long haired. At present, the
term is used to describe any soft blanket whether this is made from the cover
of a sheep or synthetically manufactured. Nowadays there are different
qualities of fleece blanket.

A natural fleece blanket is one that is made from sheep hair is very
experience but very comfortable and temperate, the sheep are shear when their
coats reach a certain point and the coat of the sheep is used to loom
material. The sheep are not harmed by the procedure.

Actually one the sheep’s coat has been loomed into material this is used to
make many products including apparel and blankets. A natural one usually has
some type of backing on it, to help it hold its shape. This is much tougher to
care for than the synthetic type in most cases it has to be professionally
cleaned, which can be really costly over time.

There are a lot of synthetic options. There are cotton blends, polyester
blends and one hundred percent cotton alternative. Actually the cotton blends
are usually a mixture of pure yarn and polyester; this is a favored option
because it holds its shape and don’t get smaller.

At the same time a synthetic fleece blanket can simply be put in the washing
machine to be cleaned. Basically a natural photo blanket has a much longer
life span than it is synthetic counterparts. A natural kind will be much more
expensive than a synthetic one. A small synthetic one can cost as little as
ten dollars, while even a small natural will cost well over thirty dollars. So
finding a natural will also take a little more work than finding a synthetic
to purchase. There is no doubt you will get superior quality materials in your
photo blanket.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:JohnWillam>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:JohnWillam)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:JohnWillam&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:JohnWillam&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:JohnWillam&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:JohnWillam)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:JohnWillam)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:JohnWillam)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/JohnWillam)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:JohnWillam&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:JohnWillam&oldid=89717)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 06:41, 3 February 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 2 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

