As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Jaguar

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Jaguar&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Jaguar&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
The **Jaguar** is a [speed controller](/index.php/Speed_Controller "Speed
Controller" ) developed by [Luminary
Micro](/index.php?title=Luminary_Micro&action=edit "Luminary Micro" ) and
supplied by [Texas Instruments](/index.php?title=Texas_Instruments&action=edit
"Texas Instruments" ). The Jaguar was added to the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ) in the 2010 season to supplement the [Victor
884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" ). It has had two different versions,
the MDL-BDC "Grey Jaguar" and the MDL-BDC24 "Black Jaguar".


## Technical

The Jaguar is part of the FIRST [control system](/index.php/Control_system
"Control system" ). The Jaguar works by recieving a [PWM
signal](/index.php/PWM_signal "PWM signal" ) or
[CAN](/index.php?title=CAN&action=edit "CAN" ) input from a [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ), which may
include the (full) [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot
Controller" ), the [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
controller or a [Vex](/index.php/Vex "Vex" ) Controller. Depending on the
range of the [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal - with 0 being full reverse,
127 being neutral, and 254 being full forward - the Victor 884 adjusts the
output of the motor accordingly. This achieves a variable speed control for
such applications as [drivetrains](/index.php/Drive_trains "Drive trains" ),
arms, or elevators.

The nominal operating voltage of the MDL-BDC is 12 volts, while the MDL-BDC24
is capable of 24 volt operation as well. Both have a maximum operating current
of 40 amps.

