As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Dean Kamen

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Dean Kamen** is an American inventor and founder of [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ). 

Probably most well-known to the public from the publicity surrounding the
product that eventually became known as the [Segway
HT](/index.php?title=Segway_HT&action=edit "Segway HT" ) \- a kind of electric
scooter with a complex, computer-controlled gyroscopic stabilisation and
control system that keep the Segway balanced on two side-by-side wheels and
controlled by moving body weight. The machine's secret development was the
object of much speculation after segments of a book quoting [Steve
Jobs](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Jobs "wikipedia:Steve_Jobs" ) [![Ima
ge:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF](/media/c/cb/Extlinkwikipedia.GIF)](/index.php/Image:E
xtlinkwikipedia.GIF "Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF" ) and other notable IT
visionaries espousing its society-revolutionising potential were leaked in
1999.

In 1992, Mr. Kamen founded [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ). Mr. Kamen
remains the driving force behind the competition providing over 900 high
schools with the tools needed to learn valuable engineering skills.

Mr. Kamen was already a successful and wealthy inventor, after inventing a new
type of blood pumping and filtering system for medical applications, as well
as an all-terrain electric wheelchair using many of the same gyroscopic
balancing technologies that later made their way into the Segway.

In April 2002, Kamen was awarded the [Lemelson-MIT
Prize](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemelson-MIT_Prize "wikipedia:Lemelson-
MIT_Prize" ) [![Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF](/media/c/cb/Extlinkwikipedia.GIF)]
(/index.php/Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF "Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF" ) for
inventors for his invention of the Segway and of an infusion pump for
[diabetics](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/diabetics "wikipedia:diabetics" ) [!
[Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF](/media/c/cb/Extlinkwikipedia.GIF)](/index.php/Ima
ge:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF "Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF" ).

Kamen owns the small [North Dumpling
Island](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Dumpling_Island
"wikipedia:North_Dumpling_Island" ) [![Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF](/media/c/cb
/Extlinkwikipedia.GIF)](/index.php/Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF
"Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF" ) off the coast of
[Connecticut](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connecticut
"wikipedia:Connecticut" ) [![Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF](/media/c/cb/Extlinkwi
kipedia.GIF)](/index.php/Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF
"Image:Extlinkwikipedia.GIF" ), and has "declared" the island to be an
independent state.

## Contents

  * 1 Notable quotations
  * 2 See also
    * 2.1 Family
  * 3 External Links  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Notable quotations" )]

## Notable quotations

  * "We're moving to the metric system inch-by-inch" (paraphrase) -- 2002 kickoff, when asked why the rules weren't in metric, like the rest of the world. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: See
also" )]

## See also

[[edit](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Family" )]

### Family

  * [Bart Kamen](/index.php/Bart_Kamen "Bart Kamen" )
  * [Libby Kamen](/index.php/Libby_Kamen "Libby Kamen" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
External Links" )]

## External Links

  * ["Wired Magazine's Bio of Dean Kamen"](http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/8.09/kamen.html?pg=1&topic=&topic_set= "http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/8.09/kamen.html?pg=1&topic=&topic_set=" )
  * ["Dean Kamen From Wikipedia"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Kamen "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Kamen" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Dean_Kamen>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Dean_Kamen
"Special:Categories" ): [Celebrities](/index.php/Category:Celebrities
"Category:Celebrities" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Dean_Kamen)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Dean_Kamen)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Dean_Kamen)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Dean_Kamen)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Dean_Kamen)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Dean_Kamen&oldid=80213)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:03, 8 June 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 6,268 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

