# PWM cable

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A PWM Cable is a 3-pin cable with a connector on each end designed to plug
into both the [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot
controller" ) and the [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" ) speed
controller. This cable carries the [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal.

[[edit](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Other
Uses of the PWM Cable" )]

## Other Uses of the PWM Cable

The PWM cable is not designed specifically for PWM signals and is only known
as a "PWM Cable" colloquially and only in the hobby robotics community. These
cables can be used for the serial connection from the 2005 IFI breaker board,
allowing it to communicate with the robot controller. It can also be used for
the serial connection on the [cmu2cam](/index.php?title=Cmu2cam&action=edit
"Cmu2cam" ). [Spike relays](/index.php/Spike_relay "Spike relay" ) also use a
3-pin cable identical to the [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884"
), as do many sensors.

[[edit](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Other
Types of Cables Used for PWM Signals" )]

## Other Types of Cables Used for PWM Signals

Many teams have stopped using these 3-pin cables, citing the difficulty in
installing and removing so many cables, as well as the tendency of the cables
to spontaneously disconnect from the [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ). These teams have
begun using large, multipin cables that they have attached custom connectors
to allow them to connect to the [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller
"Robot controller" ) and [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" ).
These cables include ribbon cables of the type used for computer disc drives
and DB-9 type cables used in PC serial cables. By using these types of cables,
there are fewer wires to organize and a quick-disconnect can be installed to
facilitate modular/removable electronics panels.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/PWM_cable>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/PWM_cable)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:PWM_cable&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=PWM_cable)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/PWM_cable)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/PWM_cable)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=PWM_cable&oldid=76714)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:15, 21 June 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 3,279 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

