# Encoder

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The [Control System](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )

**[Logic of a Control System](/index.php/Logic_of_a_control_system "Logic of a control system" )**

  * [Closed loop](/index.php/Closed_loop "Closed loop" )
    * [PID controller](/index.php/PID_controller "PID controller" )
  * [Open loop](/index.php/Open_loop "Open loop" )

**[Parts of a Control System](/index.php/Parts_of_a_control_system "Parts of a control system" )**

  * [Computer](/index.php/Computer "Computer" )
    * [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" )
      * [2010 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282010%29 "Robot Controller \(2010\)" )
      * [2009 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282009%29 "Robot Controller \(2009\)" )
      * [2006 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282006%29 "Robot Controller \(2006\)" )
      * [2004 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282004%29 "Robot Controller \(2004\)" )
      * [2003 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282003%29 "Robot Controller \(2003\)" )
      * [2000 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282000%29 "Robot Controller \(2000\)" )
      * [1996 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281996%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1996\)" )
      * [1993 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281993%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1993\)" )
    * [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
  * [Input](/index.php/Input "Input" )
    * [Operator Interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" )
    * [Joystick](/index.php/Joystick "Joystick" )
  * [Output](/index.php/Output "Output" )
    * [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" )
    * [Spike](/index.php/Spike "Spike" )
  * [Sensors](/index.php/Sensor "Sensor" )
    * **Encoder**
    * [Accelerometer](/index.php/Accelerometer "Accelerometer" )
    * [Light sensor](/index.php?title=Light_sensor&action=edit "Light sensor" )
    * [IR sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" )
    * [Gyro](/index.php/Gyro "Gyro" )
    * [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" )  
---  
  
An incremental encoder (aka a "wheel encoder") is a device that when rotated
sends out a series of digital signals that signify intervals in rotation of
the shaft with which the encoder is connected.

Strictly speaking, a device that records speed, but not velocity (which has a
direction component) is more accurately referred to as a tachometer. Other
encoding methods include using reflective optical detection, mechanical wipers
(unreliable), and hall effect sensors (used in car ABS systems).

## Contents

  * 1 Calculations
    * 1.1 Immediate Velocity
  * 2 Types of Encoders
    * 2.1 VEX Encoders
    * 2.2 Quadrature Encoders
  * 3 Interfacing Considerations  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Calculations" )]

## Calculations

By counting up these digital "clicks" that a encoder sends can yield the total
[angular displacement](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/angular_displacement
"wikipedia:angular_displacement" ) of a shaft. With wheels of known size, the
linear [displacement](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/displacement
"wikipedia:displacement" ) and
[velocity](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/velocity "wikipedia:velocity" ) are
easy to calculate.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Immediate Velocity" )]

### Immediate Velocity

To calculate a more immediate look at the velocity on the encoder, an ordinary
input port can look at the width of one rotation pulse. This requires the use
of interrupts and timers to keep track of how many fractions of a second have
gone by since the last pulse.

Note that at high speed, this method can be very noisy, so a running average
of the last few pulse durations can be useful.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: Types of
Encoders" )]

## Types of Encoders

[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: VEX
Encoders" )]

### VEX Encoders

The VEX encoder uses a single LED/photodetector set with a radially slit disc
passing between them.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Quadrature Encoders" )]

### Quadrature Encoders

Quadrature encoders use two sensors offset 90 degrees out of phase with each
other to recover direction information as well.

These two sensors, usually referred to as phase A and phase B, will indicate
direction by polling one line on the transition of the other. For example, on
a rising interrupt of phase A, if phase B is high, then the robot knows it is
traveling in one direction. If phase B is low, then the robot is going to
opposite way.

By capturing interrupts on the rising and falling edge of phase A, the encoder
enters what is known as "X2" mode, as two counts are made for every slit in
the photo interrupter disk. Alternatively, interrupts can be enabled on both
edges of phase B as well (and the interrupt handlers will poll phase A now,
instead) to generate four times the counts per slit ("X4" mode). These
techniques allow a low resolution encoder to effectively double or quadruple
its CPR (counts per revolution), which can be valuable in some applications.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Interfacing Considerations" )]

## Interfacing Considerations

The biggest problem with using incremental encoders in
[FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) is generally on the interfacing side of
things. The [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller"
) only has a limited number of digital inputs and thus, affects how many
encoders that can be mounted on the robot.

Additionally, whenever a rising/falling edge is detected, a small piece of
code (called the interrupt service routine) must run. If the ticks are coming
too fast, the [RC](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ) will spend
too much time handling the interrupts and not enough doing other things. In
the worst case, this can mean communication dropout, erratic data, or the red-
light-of-death.

Some teams choose to use supplemental electronics (such as a second
microprocessor, FPGAs, or up/down counter ICs) to "decode" the quadrature
signal. In this manner, the [RC](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot
controller" ) can request the count information via a serial or parallel link
whenever it is ready.

Other interfacing issues that can arise have to do with the low current
sourcing abilities of many commercial encoders, meaning that buffer circuitry
may be needed to drive the signal across longer wires. Lastly, the time it
takes the [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" )
between starting to service the interrupt and reading the other phase (for
direction information) can be long enough that by the time the RC is ready,
the other line has already changed state. A pulse-stretch circuit can
alleviate this issue. Banebots offers a simple quadrature decoder circuit that
addresses both the current sourcing and read lag issues.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Encoder>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Encoder
"Special:Categories" ): [Parts of a control
system](/index.php/Category:Parts_of_a_control_system "Category:Parts of a
control system" ) | [Sensors](/index.php/Category:Sensors "Category:Sensors" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Encoder)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Encoder&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Encoder&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Encoder)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Encoder)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Encoder)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Encoder&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Encoder&oldid=75786)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 12:26, 18 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 3,399 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

