As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FIRST philosophy

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**FIRST philosophy** is an oft-heard idea, whether or not it goes by that name all the time. FIRST philosophy has nearly become synonymous with [gracious professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious professionalism" ); an important idea, for sure, but not inclusive of all the ideas that the [FIRST Robotics Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics Competition" ) is about. FIRST has grown into a very diverse and large group through the years, and a distinctive [FIRST sub-culture](/index.php/FIRST_culture "FIRST culture" ) has developed, -- but it would be a mistake to assume that FIRST means the same to everyone involved, or that the ideas of FIRST philosophy, while agreed upon in a general sense, are static and well-defined. Therefore, tread cautiously through this article, as the main tenets and some of the divergent issues are explained. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_philosophy&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Gracious professionalism" )]

## Gracious professionalism

[Gracious professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious
professionalism" ) is ubiquitous in the FIRST world. The 2004 manual declares,
_In FIRST, one of the most straightforward interpretations of gracious
professionalism is that we learn and compete like crazy, but treat one another
with respect and kindness in the process._ The importance of this, as
evidenced by the [Johnson &amp; Johnson Sportsmanship
Award](/index.php/Johnson_%26_Johnson_Sportsmanship_Award "Johnson & Johnson
Sportsmanship Award" ), is hard to underestimate. The term is thrown about,
haphazardly at times, quite frequently.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_philosophy&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Co-opetition" )]

## Co-opetition

A difficult aspect in terms of FIRST philosophy is the idea of competition.
Often it is heard that FIRST is not about the robot. And, while in many senses
this is true, the underlying element of competition cannot be ignored. It is a
lofty idea to say that everyone is a winner, and in that regard, people should
not push themselves to _winning_ in the traditional sense of the word. Yet,
this idea is patently not gracious professionalism. It is precisely that
_push_, the drive to do better, that gets students to learn and be inspired
about science and technology. FIRST philosophy certainly supports the idea of
competition, but holds, too, that off the field everyone is treated with
"respect and kindness." That is, the _push_ should not push the individual
over the edge. FIRST also includes another aspect unique to most competitive
organizations: the drive to help one another. At a competition, one can often
find teams fixing other teams robots or offering advice. Most competitive
programs seek to throw down their competition; but in FIRST teams seek to lift
eachother up. To explain this idea, FIRST has combined the words "competition"
and "cooperation", coining the term "co-opetition".

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_philosophy&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Discussion" )]

## Discussion

So important and at times controversial are the ideas collected under the term
FIRST philosophy, that frequent discussion takes place on the
[ChiefDelphi](/index.php/ChiefDelphi "ChiefDelphi" ) web forum. Here is a
sampling of some discussion.

    FIRST is unique compared to other programs. FIRST doesn't just help a person in one specific area, but rather in a plethora of areas, [[1]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=273972&postcount=5 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=273972&postcount=5" ). 

    FIRST is a place where we improve our skills in creativity, teamwork, and logical problem solving, [[2]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=274413&postcount=8 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=274413&postcount=8" ). 

    Instead, I'd argue that perhaps you and those who have shared similar sentiment don't understand the true potential of what's happening here. To limit FIRST to robots, tools, and competition is to strip away its immense potential, [[3]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=102757&postcount=51 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=102757&postcount=51" ). 

    But if FIRST followed a "truth in advertising" philosophy for the registration kits, they would contain six cannisters labeled: "Stress", "Anxiety", "Confusion", "Insomnia", "Dietary Inadequacy", "Unbalanced Priorities" And a really big seventh one labeled "Fun" :) [[4]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=185848&postcount=4 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=185848&postcount=4" ). 

    FIRST *is* about winning, and it has made many of us winners... I am glad to be a part of it, [[5]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=186736&postcount=99 "http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showpost.php?p=186736&postcount=99" ). 

And see these threads,
[[6]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=29264
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=29264" ),
[[7]](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?t=29251
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/forums/showthread.php?t=29251" ).

_Also see other elements of [FIRST culture](/index.php/FIRST_culture "FIRST
culture" )._

