# Karthik Kanagasabapathy

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

This person is an [Unsung FIRST Hero](Unsung_FIRST_Hero "Unsung
FIRST Hero" ).

**Name:** Karthik Kanagasabapathy  
**Years involved with FIRST:** 11  
**FIRST Team(s):** [Woburn Robotics](188 "188" ) (0188), [Simbotics](1114 "1114" ) (1114)  
**Role:** Team Advisor/Consultant  
**Quote:** "For me, winning isn't something that happens suddenly on the field when the whistle blows and the crowds roar. Winning is something that builds physically and mentally every day that you train and every night that you dream." - Emmitt Smith  
**Bio:** Karthik Kanagasabapathy is well known on the Chief Delphi forums (and no, not just for that whopper of a name). Karthik, a member of the Waterloo Regional Committee and an active member of NiagaraFIRST, is becoming well known as a guiding voice and talented mentor in FIRST. 

Karthik described his accomplishments for the community. "Some of my proudest
accomplishments include being a member of the first ever Canadian team in
FIRST (188 in 1998), leading Team 1114 to one of the most successful regional
seasons in FIRST (One championship, Two Finalists, 4 Technical Awards, 1
Animation Award), being a part of the fabulous off-season event at Canada’s
Wonderland, helping the development of FIRST in Niagara Region and being a
part of the process of getting the new Waterloo Regional off the ground.

We’re working very hard these days north of the border to develop and nurture
the flock of young teams we have. This past fall Ian Mackenzie and I ran a
series of 6 workshops on various FIRST topics. I also helped plan, design and
run the 2005 Robovation competition that was held at the Toronto remote
kickoff. With all this guidance, we’re very hopeful that more Canadian teams
will become forces to be reckoned with this season.

The accomplishment I pride myself on most, however, is getting people excited
about FIRST who normally wouldn’t be. There’s a huge “nerd” stigma attached to
FIRST and science and technology in general and, as adults, it’s easy to
forget how much these stigmas mean to teenagers. As a result, many very bright
individuals avoid technology because it’s “dorky”. I was one of those people
when I was in high school, but luckily for me the excitement and energy of
FIRST changed my view. As a result, I now work very hard to show students that
FIRST isn’t just for “nerds”. You can still be interested in science and
technology and be a cool kid, not a pariah. Bringing science and technology
via FIRST to these kids who would have avoided it like the plague is more
worthwhile to me than any trophy."

Karthik also told us a little bit about his favorite memory in FIRST. "Two
moments stick out in my mind as my best memories of FIRST. The first would be
nationals at EPCOT in 1998. It was my last year of high school and Mark
Breadner and Roly Anderson had entered Woburn Robotics, Team 188, into the
FIRST Robotics Competition. We had done a smaller scale competition in years
past, so upon entering FIRST my expectations weren’t very high. All of that
changed when we arrived at EPCOT. I walked into the Einstein Stadium and my
jaw dropped; I saw a temporary stadium with seating for 10,000 + people which
had been erected just for FIRST and immediately realized the magnitude of this
event. This definitely wasn’t some sort of small-scale science fair. Over the
course of the weekend, the high level of competition astonished me. The robots
were awe-inspiring! Seeing those robots made me realize that one-day I wanted
to make people’s jaws drop the same way mine had. That feeling of awe and
excitement is a big reason why I’m still here today.

The second moment is the entire 2004 season. It had now been six years since
that first trip to EPCOT, and things were coming full circle. Working with
some amazing people at GM (most notably Ian Mackenzie, Derek Bessette and
Steve Rourke) and some very keen and dedicated High School students, we
created a very capable and complex robot, “Simbot Simon”. At every competition
we attended, the crowd would “ooh” and “aah” during our first practice match
when they caught a glimpse of our robot’s swerve drive and pneumatic wheel
lifters in action. People were constantly coming up to me and saying, “That’s
so cool, I want to be able to do that!” “Simon” became such a crowd favourite
in Pittsburgh and Long Island that fans throughout the arenas were waving
Canadian flags to cheer us on. I like to call that our “Rocky IV” moment. We
put together an amazing season and won many awards, but none will top the
gratification of knowing that I was partly responsible for exciting students
about technology the way I had been years earlier."

Lastly, Karthik gave us a little bit of advice to heed. "As I see it, the main
goal of FIRST is to affect a cultural change in society. This is no small
task. To bring about this level of change, we must never lose sight of the
goal; to change our culture, FIRST must create an awareness in as many people
as possible. I see it as the responsibility of each and every one of us to
make this happen. I’m not asking every one to go out and start a new team;
it’s much simpler than that. Spread the word of FIRST. Invite your friends and
parents friends to a competition. You all know as well as I do that once they
see FIRST in action, they’ll be hooked. From there, we’ll be one step closer
to accomplishing our goal."

Congratulations to Karthik Kanagasabapathy for being an Unsung FIRST Hero.

Extracted from ChiefDelphi

|  **[![](/media/thumb/9/96/Ufhimage.jpg/43px-
Ufhimage.jpg)](Image:Ufhimage.jpg "" )** | This user is an
**[Unsung FIRST Hero](Unsung_FIRST_Hero "Unsung FIRST Hero" ) award
[Honoree](Category:Unsung_FIRST_Heroes "Category:Unsung FIRST
Heroes" )**. |  
---|---|---  
  
