As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# 1743

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The Short Circuits  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/3/35/Sclogo.gif)](/index.php/Image:Sclogo.gif "Team logo"
)  
Rookie Year: | 2006  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Pittsburgh, PA  
School: | City Charter High School  
Approx. size: | 40 Students  
Team Website: | [Team website](http://www.team1743.org/
"http://www.team1743.org/" )  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1743
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1743" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1743
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1743" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1743
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1743" )  
  
_Team 1743, The Short Circuits of City Charter High School are based in
Downtown Pittsburgh and have been competing in First Competitions since 2006._

## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 2006
    * 1.2 2007
    * 1.3 2008
    * 1.4 2009
    * 1.5 2010
    * 1.6 2011
  * 2 The Steel City Robotics Alliance
  * 3 Accomplishments
  * 4 Sponsors
    * 4.1 Pre 2011 Sponsors
    * 4.2 2011 Sponsors
    * 4.3 2012 Sponsors  
---  
  

##  History


### 2006

The Short Circuits began as an early idea of City Charter High School teacher
Jackie Perhach. Ms. Perhach had mentored for the Schenley High School FIRST
robotics team. It was she who approached City High founder Dr. Richard
Wertheimer to ask if he would be willing to start a FIRST robotics team at
City High. Dr. Wertheimer thought it would be a wonderful idea and allowed for
the creation of a robotics club in 2003. The club began with robotics using
Lego Mindstorm kits. They then moved on to FIRST in 2005.

Finally in 2006 team 1743 was registered as The Short Circuits. The team was
made up of 12 students from the senior and junior class. Some members of the
team had some experience with robots, but for many it was a new journey. The
team was led by City High technology teacher Sarah Douglas with the help of
former FIRST competitor Joey Gannon. His help has since been invaluable to the
team.

The team competed in their first competition at the Peterson Event Center in
Pittsburgh. The regional attracted teams from all over the east coast, all
looking for a regional win to move onto nationals in Atlanta. The team was
eliminated from competing in the final round, but the number one team, 395
2train Robotics from the Bronx New York, choose our team as an alliance member
in the final competition. With our defense and their offense we went on to win
the Pittsburgh Regional Championship.


### 2007

The 2007 season got off to a rocky start. The team leader, Ms. Douglas, moved
away to West Virginia. Mike Klanica, a technology teacher, stepped up to lead
the team for another year, with the goal of another regional championship win.
The team is made up of twenty-seven students, with the aid of math teacher Mr.
Kohnen, physics teacher Mr. Goupell, and mentor Joey Gannon. The Short
Circuits are working hard to succeed again this year. This is the first year
we competed in two regionals; Pittsburgh, and Cleveland. In Pittsburgh we were
a claw/defense robot, after realizing our claw plan was flawed, in the
Cleveland regional we had built a ramp, and converted our robot from a
claw/defense robot, to a working ramp/defense robot.


### 2008

The 2008 season had a lot of changes. We had a total of eight mentors (listed
above). We also lost our previous building location Bally Design so we
relocated to our school office building on a vacant floor. Since we lost this
location, we also lost our tools, which required more fund raising which we
successfully accomplished and purchased everything we needed. In the 2008
season we decided to start planning ahead like the past seasons. For starters
we started marketing for the robotics team the term before the competition, we
raised money over 13 weeks before hand, looked for sponsors, and coordinated
organization. We also, after finding out the objective of the 2008 season,
planned to jump right into making it. At the beginning of our 2008 season we
started off strong and kept going. A couple weeks into robotics, our team
leader went to a different school. This was a great loss to us, but Robert
Harris stepped up and took over his responsibilities. We finished a lot sooner
in the 2008 year, having time to test the robot.


### 2009

2009 was a big year for team 1743: the team expanded to include underclassmen
and had a successful year. This year’s challenge included playing on a more
slippery field than normal. The challenge was to pick up ball like objects and
place them into trailers which each team was carrying behind their robot. Team
1743 played some great defense and was picked by the number one alliance at
Pittsburgh. We then went on to win the regional with FIRST teams 222 and 1218,
earning a trip to Atlanta and the world championship.


### 2010

In 2010, team 1743 took part in the Pittsburgh Regional, winning every game
during the first day of qualification matches. Unfortunately our luck did not
continue onto day two. However, we ended up being called up to the
quarterfinals and were able to score a goal from the far zone! The robot aimed
to score using a foot shaped kicker to shoot the ball over the two bumps.
Seeing as we couldn’t cross into other zones, Team 1743 acted as a far zone
kicker and a defensive robot.


### 2011


## The Steel City Robotics Alliance

Starting in 2010 Team 1743 joined the Steel City Robotics Alliance(SCRA).


##  Accomplishments

  * 2006 Pittsburgh Regional Winner 
  * 2006 Pittsburgh Regional Rookie Inspiration Award 
  * 2006 Pittsburgh Regional Highest Rookie Award 
  * 2007 Pittsburgh Regional Website Award 
  * 2009 Pittsburgh Regional Winner 
  * 2010 Pittsburgh Regional Excellence in Design Award 
  * 2010 Pittsburgh Regional Team Spirit Award 
  * 2011 Pittsburgh Regional Team Spirit Award 
  * 2011 Pittsburgh Regional Team Imagery Award 

  


## Sponsors


### Pre 2011 Sponsors

  * NASA 
  * Bally Design 
  * Caterpillar 
  * Wojanis Hydralic Supply 
  * Mad Momma Designs 
  * Singularity Clark 
  * City Charter High School 


### 2011 Sponsors

  * Caterpillar 
  * The Heinz Endowments 
  * Robert Morris University 
  * JCPenny 
  * Singularity Clark 
  * City Charter High School 
  * Blade Runners Ice 
  * Ice Castle Arena 
  * Mad Momma Designs 


### 2012 Sponsors

