# Joystick

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The [Control System](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )

**[Logic of a Control System](/index.php/Logic_of_a_control_system "Logic of a control system" )**

  * [Closed loop](/index.php/Closed_loop "Closed loop" )
    * [PID controller](/index.php/PID_controller "PID controller" )
  * [Open loop](/index.php/Open_loop "Open loop" )

**[Parts of a Control System](/index.php/Parts_of_a_control_system "Parts of a control system" )**

  * [Computer](/index.php/Computer "Computer" )
    * [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" )
      * [2010 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282010%29 "Robot Controller \(2010\)" )
      * [2009 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282009%29 "Robot Controller \(2009\)" )
      * [2006 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282006%29 "Robot Controller \(2006\)" )
      * [2004 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282004%29 "Robot Controller \(2004\)" )
      * [2003 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282003%29 "Robot Controller \(2003\)" )
      * [2000 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282000%29 "Robot Controller \(2000\)" )
      * [1996 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281996%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1996\)" )
      * [1993 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281993%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1993\)" )
    * [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
  * [Input](/index.php/Input "Input" )
    * [Operator Interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" )
    * **Joystick**
  * [Output](/index.php/Output "Output" )
    * [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" )
    * [Spike](/index.php/Spike "Spike" )
  * [Sensors](/index.php/Sensor "Sensor" )
    * [Encoder](/index.php/Encoder "Encoder" )
    * [Accelerometer](/index.php/Accelerometer "Accelerometer" )
    * [Light sensor](/index.php?title=Light_sensor&action=edit "Light sensor" )
    * [IR sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" )
    * [Gyro](/index.php/Gyro "Gyro" )
    * [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" )  
---  
  
A joystick is the standard human input device for the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ). It consists of a stick mounted to a base that can be tilted
left and right and occasionally twisted (varies per model). These movements
are sensed by potentiometers. Joysticks occasionally have buttons or other
potentiometers for the user to use and manipulate.

## Contents

  * 1 Connection to Operator Interface
    * 1.1 USB Connector
    * 1.2 15-Pin Connector
    * 1.3 Other Joysticks
  * 2 Kit of Parts Joysticks  
---  
  

## Connection to Operator Interface

Over the years, there have been many different methods of connecting a
joystick to the [operator interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator
Interface" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Joystick&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: USB
Connector" )]

### USB Connector

After 2009 with the introduction of the National Instruments [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ), a joystick's USB
cable connects a joystick to the [operator
interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" ) through any of
several USB ports. Many joysticks and game controllers are available to use
because of the new operator interface released in 2009 and 2010.

Before 2009, the [USB Chicklet](/index.php/USB_chicklet "USB chicklet" ) was
introduced in 2007 to allow teams to use most USB game controllers, especially
the XBox 360 controller.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Joystick&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: 15-Pin
Connector" )]

### 15-Pin Connector

Before 2008, a 15-pin cable connected a joystick to any one of the ports
labeled "PORT 1" through "PORT 4" on the [operator
interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" ). Up to four
joysticks could be connected to the operator interface. Today, very few
joysticks are still being manufactured with the 15-pin connector, and even
less of those still support the gameport standard which is required for its
use with the operator interface. To guarantee that a new joystick supports the
gameport standard, make sure it supports both DOS and Windows 3.1.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Joystick&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Other
Joysticks" )]

### Other Joysticks

Teams can purchase other joysticks, or make their own control devices and
joysticks. The possibilities are endless with the post-2009 operator
interface.


## Kit of Parts Joysticks

The CH Flightstick is a basic joystick with X and Y analog axes as well as a
wheel to control the Z-axis. The stick has both a top and a trigger button.
The AVB Topshot joystick is a slightly more advanced joystick with 4 buttons
as well as a "hat switch" replacing the wheel to control the Z-axis.

