As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Junior FIRST LEGO League

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [JFLL](/index.php?title=JFLL&redirect=no "JFLL" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

The [Junior FIRST LEGO
League](http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=18130
"http://www.firstlegoleague.org/default.aspx?pid=18130" ) is a spin-off of the
[FLL](/index.php/FLL "FLL" ) program. The JFLL is for elementary school age
children.

Created in partnership with the LEGO Group, Junior FIRST LEGO League (JFLL) is
geared to children aged 6 to 9 years old and utilizes a modified FIRST LEGO
League (FLL) framework.

Teams of up to 6 children and an adult mentor receive a "mini challenge",
based on the annual FLL research project. Using an open-ended LEGO building
set, they will design a model depicting an aspect of this year’s FLL
Challenge. Children will spend approximately one month exploring,
investigating, designing and building a model made with LEGO bricks. In
conjunction, teams create a "Show Me" poster that depicts the teams’
experience during this process, through drawings and words.

Teams are encouraged to gather together and hold local events to share their
experiences with family and friends. Anyone is able to hold an event - tips,
suggestions, and "how to" are offered in the [JFLL Event
Guide](/index.php?title=JFLL_Event_Guide&action=edit "JFLL Event Guide" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: History" )]

## History

As of 2006, the program has 702 teams with 3,510 students, aged 6 to 9.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Junior_FIRST_LEGO_League&oldid=64303)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 01:09, 21 November 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,618 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

