As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# FIRSTwiki:Arbitration

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * **Arbitration**  
---  
  
  
This page exists only to discuss and resolve issues, like "edit wars" and
serious disagreements about content. Try to resolve the conflict using the
specifc page's discussion/talk page.

If you support a particular position, list your username and reasoning.

We hope never to have to use this page!

## Contents

  * 1 Format and Instructions
    * 1.1 Link to page with disagreement
  * 2 Unresolved Issues
  * 3 Resolved Issues
  * 4 Biased Issues  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Format and Instructions" )]

## Format and Instructions

Arbitration strives to be neutral. Therefore, users on either side of the
dispute should not submit the disagreement to the Arbitration page. Hopefully,
only neutral parties will submit the issue. Thereafter, each party can submit
their "Description of Position." If a biased "description of issue" is
presented, the disagreement will be moved to the "Biased Issues" section. When
the description is fixed, it will be moved to "Unresolved Issues." If edit
wars continue on this page, it will be protected as neccessary. Edit wars on
other pages constitute

Use the following format to add an issue:

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Link to page with disagreement" )]

### Link to page with disagreement

**Users involved in dispute:**  
**Description of Issue:**  
**Description of Position 1:**  

  * supported by username1 
  * supported by username2, etc. 

**Description of Position 2:**  

  * supported by username1 
  * supported by username2, etc. 

If an administrator decides to protect the page in question, he/she will add:

**Page protected by &lt;Administrator's Name&gt; at &lt;Time of Protection&gt;**

Unprotection of that page will be indicated by:

**Page unprotected by &lt;Administrator's Name&gt; at &lt;Time of Unprotection&gt;**

Keep the list of protections/unprotections in anti-chronological order, with
most-recent on top.

Once the issue is resolved, indicate the following in addition to the above:

**Description of Resolution:**  

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Unresolved Issues" )]

## Unresolved Issues

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Resolved Issues" )]

## Resolved Issues

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Biased Issues" )]

## Biased Issues

_These issues will be moved to Unresolved Issues once a neutral party
describes the issue. Until that time, do not post descriptions of positions or
post votes of support._

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3AArbitration
"Special:Categories" ): [FIRST MetaWiki](/index.php/Category:FIRST_MetaWiki
"Category:FIRST MetaWiki" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Arbitration)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Arbitration&oldid=39175)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 04:34, 18 June 2004.
  * This page has been accessed 3,318 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

