As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Programming (FLL)

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

| **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL
%29&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL%29&action=edit"
)** this article.  
  
---|---  
  
  
Programs are essential to running the NXT and RCX robots used during FLL
competitions. The programs are created using a string of motor + sensor
commands on a computer and then uploaded to the robot via infrared of cable.
Although a few LEGO gurus have created their own programming languages, the
only ones permitted at the competitions are:

  * [Mindstorms RIS](/index.php?title=Mindstorms_RIS&action=edit "Mindstorms RIS" ) \- The programming language that comes with the retail LEGO Mindstorms Kit. 
  * [RoboLab](/index.php/RoboLab "RoboLab" ) \- The programming language that comes with the LEGO Education versions of Mindstorms. 
  * With the release of the new NXT, its programming software is permitted as well. 

If you order the FLL Education + Competition set as part of your team
registration, you will recieve the programming languages on a CD, whether it
is an NXT and RCX.

Teams have been equally successful using any of the languages. There are many
adherents of each. This [comparision
chart](http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/SoftwareComparisonChart.pdf
"http://www.usfirst.org/jrobtcs/SoftwareComparisonChart.pdf" ) (in pdf format)
gives an excellent overview of the differences between the first two
languages. The above links will also have more detailed descriptions of each
language and resources.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Programming_%28FLL%29>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Programming_%28FLL%29
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" ) |
[FLL](/index.php/Category:FLL "Category:FLL" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Programming_%28FLL%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Programming_%28FLL%29&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Programming_\(FLL\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Programming_%28FLL%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Programming_%28FLL%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Programming_%28FLL%29&oldid=51184)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:27, 17 November 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 3,073 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

