As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Johngarcia01

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Features of New Facebook Timeline Design**

  

The conventional folks and the social networking marketing specialists had
just a little good shock after they first noticed the brand new [facebook
timeline design](http://www.socialadgigs.com/ "http://www.socialadgigs.com/" )
on their profile or enterprise page. The new Facebook enterprise page design
is nearly the same like the Timeline. After 30th March, 2012, all of the users
of Facebook can now implement this on their business pages. Until March, 2012,
one may take an opportunity to research with the brand new timeline without
publishing it. Nonetheless, it has come alive for all the users after 30th
March, 2012.

With this new design Facebook is giving the page directors the scope to
preview, tweak and publish their timeline each time they'd like. On the
identical time, it may be said that there are so many things about this new
design that you simply wish to know. Here is a temporary discussion on what
it's worthwhile to know to take advantage of worthwhile use of the brand new
timeline design in Fb:

**Set Up Your Facebook Web page Design:**

Once you log in and entry the enterprise web page as an administrator you may
be presented with the message ‘Welcome to Your Page View’. What it's good to
do is simply to click on the green ‘Start Tour’ button. After that your
timeline design will get started.

**Set Your Cowl Picture:**

Once you click on the Begin Tour button, in the ‘About’ part, you’ll be first
prompted to choose a canopy picture for what you are promoting timeline page.
Cover photograph is simply the similar like the conventional Facebook timeline
profile. It is truly a large rectangular banner that is shown at the top of
the page. For business pages, the quilt photo dimensions must be 851 x 315
pixels. Here you must select a photo that describes your corporation most. You
can use your organization model logo as a cover page or you can even create
your individual cowl web page design. Nevertheless, you cannot use any
promotional message, reductions, company web sites, emails, ‘Like’ buttons,
inside your cover photo.

**Set Your Profile Image:**

The following big factor is to set your profile picture. Your profile image
can be proven at the backside of the left aspect of your cover page. You
profile picture can be proven with every update that you will make. That is
why it's best to select a professionally looking image in your profile in
order to create impression in [social networking marketing](http://www.evidenc
ewarehouse.ocp.dc.gov/index.php/User_talk:Johngarcia01
"http://www.evidencewarehouse.ocp.dc.gov/index.php/User_talk:Johngarcia01" ).
You can use a brand as your profile picture. However, any image that
represents your brand can be a good choice

**Arrange Your Views and Apps:**

At this new design you'll get features like pictures, Likes, and apps, on the
prime of your web page under your cowl photo. The images are mechanically
featured at the first spot, however you can organize the rest of the function
in accordance with an important ones first. The page viewers can see a
complete of 12 apps whereas clicking the dropdown arrow. The administrators
can also customize the photographs and other apps through the use of the
‘Admin Panel’, that is accessible at the top right of the enterprise page.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Johngarcia01>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Johngarcia01&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Johngarcia01)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Johngarcia01&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Johngarcia01&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Johngarcia01&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Johngarcia01)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Johngarcia01)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Johngarcia01)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Johngarcia01)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Johngarcia01&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Johngarcia01&oldid=138107)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 08:32, 12 June 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 1 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

