# Mascot

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![60px}}](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png/50px-600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png "60px}}" )

| **This page contains one or more externally hosted images.**  
Some organizations block image hosting websites and may therefore prevent some
users from seeing images on this page. To allow everyone to view these images,
please [Upload](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uploading_images
"wikipedia:Uploading_images" ) them to FIRSTwiki and add them to this article
to [improve its quality](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style
guide" ).  
---|---  
[![ ](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif " " ) |  **There are very few
or no other articles that [link to this
one](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Mascot "Special:Whatlinkshere/Mascot"
).**  
Please help introduce links in articles on related topics. After links have
been created, remove this message. In some cases, if no links are added, this
artical/file may be subject to
[deletion](/index.php/Category:Candidates_for_speedy_deletion
"Category:Candidates for speedy deletion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or
section](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Mascot&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Mascot&action=edit" ) by expanding
it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk page](/index.php/Talk:Mascot
"Talk:Mascot" ) or at [requests for
expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for
expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

**Mascot**

  * Mascots are the the teams physical representation of their teams logo. Commonly a robot, animal, or a various creature/object. Although they don't fill an actual role in Robot Construction (although they can), they contribute to team spirit; much like a cherleader does. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Mascot&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Types" )]

# Types

  * There are many types of team mascots, these include but are not limited too: 
  * Actual Robots 
  * Robots representatives of animals 
  * Animals 
  * Dancing Hats 
  * Robotics Chairs 
  * "pixies" 
  * People who take various clothing and objects and put them on themselves then dance 

For example for team 173 Rage Robotics the Mascot is a red Bulldog being as
enthusiastic as possible.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Mascot&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Mascots"
)]

# Mascots

  * Mascots posing at the 2007 Pacific Northwest Regional 

![db_Fun_times4.jpg](http://www.pnwfirst.org/assets/images/db_images/db_Fun_ti
mes4.jpg)

  * Mascots in the UC Davis Dance off 

![UCDavisMascotdance.jpg](http://i127.photobucket.com/albums/p152/FunkyRatDemo
n/UCDavisMascotdance.jpg)

  * team 753 

![JakeRobot.jpg](http://i127.photobucket.com/albums/p152/FunkyRatDemon/JakeRob
ot.jpg) ![JakeMascotbad.jpg](http://i127.photobucket.com/albums/p152/FunkyRatD
emon/JakeMascotbad.jpg)

  * 237 

![woodiejoematt.jpg](http://www.marsbot.org/upload/files/woodiejoematt.jpg)

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Mascot>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Mascot
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles with externally hosted
images](/index.php/Category:Articles_with_externally_hosted_images
"Category:Articles with externally hosted images" ) | [Orphaned
articles](/index.php/Category:Orphaned_articles "Category:Orphaned articles" )
| [Articles to be expanded](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_expanded
"Category:Articles to be expanded" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Mascot)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Mascot)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Mascot&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Mascot&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Mascot)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Mascot)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Mascot)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Mascot&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Mascot&oldid=68844)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 03:51, 21 August 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 467 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

