As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol **Recent Changes** to combat spam.

# FIRST in Michigan

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![Image:FiM_logo.jpg](/media/5/55/FiM_logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:FiM_logo.jp
g "Image:FiM_logo.jpg" )

FIRST in Michigan was a Pilot Program to test FIRST's new Competition
structure. Founded in 2009 to make FIRST cheaper and easier to compete for not
only new team but veterans as well. FIRST in Michiganis a District structure
event with Districts competitions that lead to a State Championship that then
lead to the World Championship. In 2009 their were only 7 District events and
1 state championship:

7 District Events (Traverse City, Kettering University, Cass Tech, Detroit,
Lansing, Troy, West Michigan) 1 State Championship (Eastern Michigan
University)

For $5000, teams sign up for two district events, which are equivalent to
regional competitions run on a lower budget. In addition, 64 teams qualify to
compete in the state championship. With so many districts within the state
teams get to play more often and closer to home, reducing the cost of travel
and lodging. Furthermore, teams do not have to pay shipping because a lock-up
system is used to store robots in between competitions.

This year we are up to 10 District events (Kettering University, Gull Lake,
Traverse City, Waterford, West Michigan, Detroit, Nile, Northville, Livonia,
Troy) leading into the Michigan State Championship at Eastern Michigan
University.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRST_in_Michigan>"

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRST_in_Michigan)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRST_in_Michigan&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRST_in_Michigan&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRST_in_Michigan&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRST_in_Michigan)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRST_in_Michigan)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRST_in_Michigan)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRST_in_Michigan&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRST_in_Michigan&oldid=88398)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 20:43, 17 January 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 13 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

