As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

# FIRSTwiki:Policies and guidelines

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki "FIRSTwiki" ) is a collaborative effort of
the [FIRST community](/index.php/FIRST_community "FIRST community" ). It's
goal is to provide a historical reference and an otherwise valuable,
encylcopedic resource to [FIRST Robotics teams](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_team
"FIRST Robotics team" ) and others involved in the [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST
"FIRST" ) program. To work toward this goal, the wiki has certain **policies
and guidelines** that help to keep the wiki a civil, organized, and useful
resource. Note, however, that while some policies are relatively fixed, others
are controversial and need to be evaluated based on the context of the
situation.

**[Community Portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal "FIRSTwiki:Community portal" )**

  * **[Help page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help "FIRSTwiki:Help" )**
  * [New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" )
  * [User questions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:User_questions "FIRSTwiki:User questions" )
  * [How to edit](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_does_one_edit_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How does one edit a page" )
  * [Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * [Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" )
  * [What to contribute](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:What_to_contribute "FIRSTwiki:What to contribute" )

* * *

  * [Community decisions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_decisions "FIRSTwiki:Community decisions" )
  * [Village pump](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump "FIRSTwiki:Village pump" )
  * [Announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" )
  * [Administrator Guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Guide_for_administrators "FIRSTwiki:Guide for administrators" )
  * [To Do](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:To_Do "FIRSTwiki:To Do" )
  * [Cleanup](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Cleanup "FIRSTwiki:Cleanup" )
  * [Arbitration](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration" )  
---  
  
  

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&action=edit&section
=1 "Edit section: Key policies" )]

## Key policies

It is by no means necessary or required to read and understand every policy
before you contribute. By all means, start contributing as soon as possible!
However, by following these policies, you will find a more productive
experience here.

  * **Avoid bias.** Articles should be written from a [neutral point of view](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutral_point_of_view "wikipedia:neutral_point_of_view" ), meaning that you fairly cover all issues invovled and don't endorse a particular opinion. 
  * **Don't infringe copyrights.** FIRSTwiki is licensed under the [GNU Free Documentation License](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Free_Documentation_License "wikipedia:GNU_Free_Documentation_License" ), and infringing copyright defeats the wiki's goal of [open content](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_content "wikipedia:open_content" ). See [Copyrights](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyrights "wikipedia:Copyrights" ) for more information. 
  * **Respect other contributors.** FIRSTwikians come from all walks of life and all fields of FIRST. Remember [gracious professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious professionalism" ). See [Etiquette](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Etiquette&action=edit "FIRSTwiki:Etiquette" ) for more information directly related to the wiki and the Internet. 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&action=edit&section
=2 "Edit section: Policy enforcement" )]

## Policy enforcement

There is no central department responsible for the content on the wiki. _You_
are a FIRSTwiki editor. Policies aren't enforced in the strictest sense of the
word. Instead, contributors to the site make edits to various pages to make
them conform to our guidelines and policies. For controversial issues, we have
[an arbitration page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Arbitration "FIRSTwiki:Arbitration"
). So, if you make a mistake -- don't worry that someone is going to kick in
your door, or otherwise assault you online. Someone will simply stroll along
and fix your mistake, and might even inform you of what you did that was wrong
(nicely, of course, and so that you will know better next time).


## Other guidelines

  * Follow the [style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" )
  * Follow [How to move a page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:How_to_move_a_page "FIRSTwiki:How to move a page" ) guidelines 
  * In general, do **not** link to disambiguation pages, or to redirect pages -- instead, link directly to the page of interest 
  * Category names should be plural **if** the articles listed in that category are instances of it, and singular if the articles listed are about the category or related to it 
  * Signatures should only be placed on talk and other 'discussion' pages 
  * [Upload](/index.php/Special:Upload "Special:Upload" ) images instead of linking to other servers 
  * Mark edits as minor if they fix links, grammar, spelling, or categories -- **unless** content was changed 
  * Fill out the _edit summary_ box, briefly describing your change 
  * Put the most active threads in a discussion at the top of the page 

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTwiki%3APolicies_an
d_guidelines "Special:Categories" ): [Help
Pages](/index.php/Category:Help_Pages "Category:Help Pages" )

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Policies_and_guidelines)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [174.129.228.67](/index.php/User:174.129.228.67)
  * [Talk for this IP](/index.php/User_talk:174.129.228.67)
  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines&oldid=37732)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:59, 6 September 2004.
  * This page has been accessed 6,284 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

