# Scouting methods

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Circle-question-red.svg.png/35px-600px-Circle-
question-red.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-Circle-question-red.svg.png "" )
| **The neutrality and factual accuracy of this article are disputed.**  
Please see the relevant discussion on the talk page. |

[![](/media/thumb/3/34/400px-Unbalanced_scales.svg.png/40px-400px-
Unbalanced_scales.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:400px-Unbalanced_scales.svg.png
"" )  
  
---|---|---  
  
  
There are many different methods of scouting, all of which have their pros and
cons. There are many factors that go into choosing a method including set-up
time, ease of use, reliability, helpfulness in strategy, compiling time, and
usefulness in picking partners at finals. Deciding the on which priorities are
the most important will help choose the right scouting. It's important to note
that these methods are listed in their "pure" form. Ultimately, a combination
of these methods makes for the strongest scouting effort.

## Contents

  * 1 Scouting criteria
    * 1.1 Set-up Time
    * 1.2 Ease of use
    * 1.3 Reliability
    * 1.4 Compile Time
    * 1.5 Strategy
    * 1.6 Partner Picking
  * 2 Methods at a glance
    * 2.1 Statistical
    * 2.2 Match records
    * 2.3 Random Notes
    * 2.4 Scoutsheets
    * 2.5 Bubble-In
    * 2.6 Database  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Scouting criteria" )]

## Scouting criteria

While there are many criteria to consider when choosing a method, the most
important factors are listed below.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Set-up Time" )]

### Set-up Time

Logistically, this one will most likely be the most influential in choosing a
method. Teams that set aside some time ahead of competition to develop a
method have quite a few more options available than teams that try to pull
something together at the last minute.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Ease of use" )]

### Ease of use

How hard is it to use? Does it require careful attention to every action a
robot takes on the field, or does it only require writing down the final
score? Does it require memorization of questions to ask in the pits, or is a
checked box sufficient? How long does it take to find information? Generally,
the harder a method is to use, the more manpower a team will need to be
effective. So, it really depends on which members of the team are going to be
doing the scouting.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Reliability" )]

### Reliability

How accurate is the gathered information? How easily is a robot's general
value "inflated"? If there's more than one person on a team scouting, there
will be very different approaches to gathering information, and also very
different interpretations as to what data is relevant and what is not. A
reliable method is one that accurately reflects the overall value and
qualities of a robot.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Compile Time" )]

### Compile Time

After all that information is gathered, how long does it take to turn into
something useful? Does it require reading and transcribing dozens of hastily
scribbled notes? Or does it mean simply updating a PDA to a database?
Generally teams will only have one night to compile all of this information.
So, it is important to carefully consider how much manpower will be available
to compile the information.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Strategy" )]

### Strategy

This aspect is one of the most important aspects of scouting and is vitally
important to the people who drive the robot. How fast can a robot score? In a
pushing match, who has more torque? Does a robot generally defend the home
area, or go deep into enemy territory? This aspect includes those things which
are very helpful to know in strategizing for a match.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Partner Picking" )]

### Partner Picking

When if comes down to the finals, who's going to be picked as a partner? Teams
need to be prepared with a detailed plan of which robots they will pick as
their partner, with a plan for backup partners, keeping in mind that that the
other 7 teams will very likely be wanting to pick the same partners.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
Methods at a glance" )]

## Methods at a glance

| **Set-up-time** | **Ease** | **Reliability** | **Strategy** | **Compile-
time** | **Partner Picking**  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
**Statistical** | - | = | ++ | \-- | = | +  
**Records** | = | - | + | ++ | \-- | -  
**Notes** | + | + | - | + | - | ++  
**Scoutsheets** | = | + | = | + | - | -  
**Bubble-in** | = | = | = | = | + | +  
**Database** | \-- | = | \-- | = | ++ | =  
  
  * ++ _Fantastic_
  * \+ _Excellent_
  * = _Average_
  * \- _Poor_
  * \-- _Pitiful_

Please note that these are rough aproximations, methods can be better or worse
depending on how you go about it.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Statistical" )]

### [Statistical](/index.php?title=Statistical_scouting&action=edit
"Statistical scouting" )

Statistical scouting uses pure numbers to calculate mathematically the value
and scoring capabilities of various robots and is generally done on a
computer. While probably the most useful method for picking partners in
finals, it doesn't help zip with strategy. Only knowing that the opposing
alliance has won every match of the day and that your partner(s) has yet to
win a match is not helpful going into a match.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Match records" )]

### [Match records](/index.php?title=Match_record_scouting&action=edit "Match
record scouting" )

Match records involve making detailed records and descriptions of what teams
did while on the field to predict what they will do, and how well they will
perform in future matches. While probably the most useful method strategy
wise, it's a logistical nightmare to compile and turn into something useful.
Because of the very lengthy compile time, the data is usually only useful in
finals matches. However, if the manpower is available, it's an invaluable
intelligence resource.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Random Notes" )]

### [Random Notes](/index.php?title=Note_scouting&action=edit "Note scouting"
)

Random notes are the easiest method to implement but their usefulness can vary
considerably. They pretty much involve simply randomly jotting down any
significant features or problems in a robot that stand out as they come to
mind (this system lends itself quite nicely to a pro/con format). This method
is the easiest to use, and requires almost no preparation (save paper and
pen), and it's also very useful in strategizing if done right. But compiling
the notes is probably the most difficult part (handwriting is frequently
atrocious), and the relevancy of the notes will vary quite a bit. It's also
difficult to ascertain the overall value of a robot based solely on notes, so
picking in finals is made quite difficult.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: Scoutsheets" )]

### [Scoutsheets](/index.php?title=Developing_a_Scoutsheet&action=edit
"Developing a Scoutsheet" )

Scoutsheets are very similar to random notes, but more preparation goes into
it, and the end-results are quite a bit more reliable and relevant. Typically,
scoutsheets will be a page long and have sections to fill in answers to
various questions about a team's robot, which keeps the scouting much more
focused than the random notes method, and is also very useful in strategizing.
But, it also suffers from similar problems in compiling and picking partners
in finals.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: Bubble-In" )]

### [Bubble-In](/index.php?title=Developing_a_Bubble-In&action=edit
"Developing a Bubble-In" )

This method is fairly average on most counts, it takes some time to set up
(avoid Microsoft Word tables, they are evil), it's fairly reliable, and is
somewhat helpful in strategy, but it's greatest strength is in the compiling
time. Typically, bubble-ins are crammed into a small space, with "bubble-in"
answers to various checkboxes, with multiple teams on the same page. It's also
quite helpful in finals with picking partners, as the list is compact, and
generally easier to ascertain the overall value of a robot.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scouting_methods&action=edit&section=14 "Edit
section: Database" )]

### [Database](/index.php?title=Scouting_database&action=edit "Scouting
database" )

The database method is probably the singularly most sought after method,
partly for the incredible ease in compiling, partly for the coolness factor.
Database scouting involves a singular database of information where scouting
teams fill out forms and store their scouting information digitally.
Sometimes, this information is shared between teams. Theoretically, almost all
of the above methods could be used and combined together with a database.
However, this method takes an enormous amount of time to set-up, and like many
digital devices, can be very unreliable. There have been many attempts to make
this method work, but very, very few succeed. Eventually, it is very likely
that all scouting will be done with this method, though that day is probably a
very long ways off.

