# College students

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or
section](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=College_students&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=College_students&action=edit" ) by
expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php?title=Talk:College_students&action=edit "Talk:College
students" ) or at [requests for
expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for
expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

  
**College Students** are post-high school team members on a [FIRST Robotics team](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_team "FIRST Robotics team" ). 

College Students are (depending on a given teams structure)
[mentors](/index.php/Mentors "Mentors" ) currently attending college, usually
for the first time. Generally (but not always) College Student mentors are
FIRST alumni and in most cases are continuing to work with the same teams as
when they were in high school, but may also participate in other teams that
may be closer to their university. Occasionally, FIRST Alumni College Students
may create a new FIRST team, typically if the area surrounding their
university does not have one already.

College Students can contribute to a team in a number of ways, usually helping
in areas related to courses they may be taking or prior FIRST experience. They
will generally work with other [mentors](/index.php/Mentors "Mentors" ) and
[engineers](/index.php/Engineers "Engineers" ) to assist
[students](/index.php/Students "Students" ) in the construction of a
[robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) for the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ), as well as other aspects of the team,
such as Website design, Animation, and so on.

  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=College_students&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=College_students&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the
list of [short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages"
)._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/College_students>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=College_students
"Special:Categories" ): [Articles to be
expanded](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_expanded "Category:Articles to be
expanded" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[People](/index.php/Category:People "Category:People" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/College_students)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:College_students&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=College_students&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=College_students&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=College_students)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/College_students)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/College_students)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=College_students&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=College_students&oldid=70026)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 04:32, 27 November 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 47 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

