# SMART

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_Scofield Magnet Applied Robotics Technology_

(S.M.A.R.T.)  
  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/thumb/7/71/SMARTLogo.jpg/300px-
SMARTLogo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:SMARTLogo.jpg "Team logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 1999  
US State Or Country: | Connecticut  
City: | Stamford  
School: | Scofield Magnet Middle School  
[Team Website](http://smart.stamfordrobotics.org
"http://smart.stamfordrobotics.org" )  
  
Find other [FLL teams founded in
1999](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams_founded_in_1999 "Category:FLL teams
founded in 1999" )

Find other [FLL teams from
Connecticut](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams_from_Connecticut "Category:FLL
teams from Connecticut" )

Find other [FLL Teams by Name](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL
teams" )

  

## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Robots
  * 3 Current Year Events Attended
    * 3.1 Enfield Qualifying Event
    * 3.2 Bridgeport Qualifying Event
    * 3.3 Connecticut State Tournament
    * 3.4 FLL World Festival
  * 4 Awards and Recognitions
  * 5 Sponsors  
---  
  

## History

Scofield is a technology middle school which has fielded a team for a number
of years. The current coaches have been working with the team since 2002 (City
Sights). For details on awards won in previous years visit the prior year
pages.

This year's team attended four competitions, were the Connecticut Director's
Award winners, and achieved the 1st Place Teamword Award at the Ocean Odyssey
[FLL World Festival](/index.php/FLL_World_Festival "FLL World Festival" )


## Robots

  * [Waldo (2005)](/index.php/SMART-Waldo-2006 "SMART-Waldo-2006" )
  * [Sub Wall-y (2005)](/index.php/SMART-Sub_Wall-y-2005 "SMART-Sub Wall-y-2005" )
  * [Wall-y Express (2004)](/index.php/SMART-Wally_Express-2004 "SMART-Wally Express-2004" )
  * [Stardust (2003)](/index.php?title=SMART-Stardust-2003&action=edit "SMART-Stardust-2003" )
  * [Big Ben (2002)](/index.php?title=SMART-Big_Ben-2002&action=edit "SMART-Big Ben-2002" )


## Current Year Events Attended


### Enfield Qualifying Event

**Date Attended:** November 19th, 2005 

This event was something special! Two things made this event stand out for our
team.

  1. It was at Lego Headquarters USA!! 
  2. We got a tour of the Lego Manufacturing Line! 

We definitely had a great time. Our robot struggled for most of the day. In
fact it was in pieces at one point. We finally managed to get it all to
work... AFTER the last round was over. Fortunately our team's hard work did
not go unnoticed and we won the Director's Award (known as the Gracious
Professionalism Award at LEGO HQ) as well as the Judges Award.

This event was hosted by two FIRST teams - Buzz Robotics ([Team
175](/index.php/175 "175" )) and ACES High ([Team 176](/index.php/176 "176"
)).


### Bridgeport Qualifying Event

**Date Attended:** December 3rd, 2005 

This was an outstanding event. The event was also hosted by two FIRST teams -
the Gaelhawks ([Team 230](/index.php/230 "230" )) and the Lions
([1099](/index.php/1099 "1099" )) - who did a great job in making this a first
class event. Our team had a great time and took home the Director's Award as
well as the Robot Performance Award.

  


### Connecticut State Tournament

**Date Attended:** December 11th, 2005 

Another excellent state competition. We never did achieve our robot's best
possible score, but in spite of all managaged to get first place performance
(by only 10 points) as well as the Director's Award. The judges had some very
nice things to say to us when the event was over. This was definitely the
toughest competition we've ever been to in Connecticut. The bar was high this
year. A lot of great teams doing lots of cool GP stuff.


### FLL World Festival

**Date Attended:** April 27 - 29th, 2006 

Our team proudly represented the state of Connecticut at this year's [FLL
World Festival](/index.php/FLL_World_Festival "FLL World Festival" ). We came
home with two team awards and one individual award (see Awards and
Recognitions below). Our robot also did extremely well (see [Sub Wall-y
(2005)](/index.php/SMART-Sub_Wall-y-2005 "SMART-Sub Wall-y-2005" )). We met
many great teams, and made special friends with team **Jet-Net** from Holland.
They were our alliance partner, were located in the booth next to ours in the
pits, AND they got the 2nd place teamwork award! All in all, a great
experience that we'll never forget.


## Awards and Recognitions

  * **Enfield Qualifying Event:** Director's Award, Judges Award 
  * **Bridgeport Qualifying Event:** Director's Award, Robot Performance Award 
  * **Connecticut State Tournament:** Director's Award, Robot Performance Award, Programming (2nd Place), Research Quality (2nd Place), IEEE "Director's Award" and a $200 stipend 
  * **FLL World Festival:** 1st Place Teamword Award, Gracious Professionalism Award, Young Adult (high school to college) Award (to our junior mentor Mallika!) 

Prior Years

  * [SMART 2005](/index.php?title=SMART_2005&action=edit "SMART 2005" )
  * [SMART 2004](/index.php/SMART_2004 "SMART 2004" )
  * [SMART 2003](/index.php?title=SMART_2003&action=edit "SMART 2003" )
  * [SMART 2002](/index.php?title=SMART_2002&action=edit "SMART 2002" )


## Sponsors

  * Pitney Bowes 
  * Hitachi 
  * Many others... 

