# Chassis

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

A **chassis** is the fundamental rigid frame on and around which a
[robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) is built.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Overview" )]

##  Overview

The chassis consists of rigid members that together comprise a frame. It is on
and within these chassis frame members that the components of the robot are
installed, including [drive trains](/index.php/Drive_train "Drive train" ),
[motors](/index.php/Motor "Motor" ), [pneumatics](/index.php/Pneumatics
"Pneumatics" ), electronics, and nearly everything else. It is important that
the chassis be well-designed to keep everything together in a sensible way
that does not inhibit mobility. Given the restrictions on the robot's design,
the weight of the chassis must also be considered.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Materials" )]

##  Materials

Many different materials can be used for the chassis, and the [kit of
parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of parts" ) provided basic chassis members
in [2005](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" ) and
[2006](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" ). These were
[prefabricated](/index.php/Fabrication "Fabrication" ) members designed to
interlock via notch-shaped pieces and many holes that also saved weight. They
were made of [aluminum](/index.php/Aluminum "Aluminum" ), which is very light
and easy to work with while still being durable. Chassis members and frames
can also be made of [steel](/index.php/Steel "Steel" ), which is heavy but
extremely durable, wood, or plastic such as [HDPE](/index.php/HDPE "HDPE" ).
The choice of materials is crucial to the effectiveness of a chassis design.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: External
links" )]

##  External links

  * [Chassis on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chassis "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chassis" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Chassis>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Chassis
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Robot components](/index.php/Category:Robot_components "Category:Robot
components" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Chassis)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Chassis&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Chassis&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Chassis&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Chassis)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Chassis)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Chassis)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Chassis&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Chassis&oldid=48790)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 20:10, 11 July 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 603 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

