

# User:Ererge9krter

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 World on red alert for Greek vote
  * 2 Futures point to Europe shares rising for 5th day
  * 3 Factbox Options on the table to address euro zone crisis
  * 4 Oil slumps, yen jumps as economy fears prevail
  * 5 Chile volcano erupts, spits towering ash column
  * 6 Senators press CFTC to curb oil speculation
  * 7 Factbox Egypt's Hosni Mubarak
  * 8 CIT assets attractive but only to bargain hunters
  * 9 Trapped tsunami victims ate yogurt to stay alive
  * 10 GM's Saab Auto secures debt writedown
  * 11 Suspected U.S. drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan official
  * 12 Debt restructuring won't help Greece ECB's Stark
  * 13 G20 pledges to double IMF crisis-fighting funds
  * 14 Syria attack kills 21; rebels say protect U.N. monitors
  * 15 Attacks on Romney for offshore assets, taxes heat up
  * 16 Geithner testimony on financial rescue plan
  * 17 Timeline Worst bomb attacks on mainland Britain
  * 18 Gold slips as dollar up after Moody's Spain move
  * 19 Tandberg Cisco bid backed by major shareholders
  * 20 Fed releases template for rate forecasts
  * 21 Exclusive Commerzbank in state aid talks
  * 22 In final lap of U.S. earnings, it's retailers' turn
  * 23 Eleven killed in Syria on eve of Arab deadline
  * 24 Egyptians extend protest, dismiss army, PM pledges
  * 25 Tanks deploy in main city in eastern Syria
  * 26 Serbia wins qualified EU invite, Turkey criticized
  * 27 Strauss-Kahn should stay out of French race poll
  * 28 Lawmakers question Medicare payment contractors
  * 29 NYSE says Knight to resume market maker duties
  * 30 U.S. Treasury confirms $6 billion disbursed for GMAC
  * 31 Q+A What's on the agenda at Asia-Pacific security meeting
  * 32 Judge denies AIG motion in BofA $8.5 billion settlement
  * 33 Strong quake hits eastern Japan, Tokyo buildings shake
  * 34 Wal-Mart, Casino advance in Matahari unit sale sources
  * 35 Exclusive Greek finance minister unaware of referendum plan
  * 36 U.N. boss uses 9 11 to call for global anti-terror treaty
  * 37 Greek PM softens referendum stance
  * 38 Geithner Europe can absorb debt crisis costs
  * 39 North Korea says wants more talks with U.S.
  * 40 Factbox U.N. reports little progress in Syria toward peace
  * 41 Instant view Microsoft beats Street view, shares climb
  * 42 Megaupload founder accuses NZ police of beating him
  * 43 Seasoned Patriots giddy about Super Bowl berth
  * 44 Gold ends mixed as market awaits payrolls data
  * 45 Analysis Revolutionaries see reversal in Egypt vote  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: World on red alert for Greek vote" )]

##  World on red alert for Greek vote

NEW YORK/SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Urgent messages flashed on cellphones,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ),
email alerts popped up and telephones rang for a team at asset manager Legg
Mason on Friday. Dial in to a conference now, the 30-strong enterprise risk
management team was told. A major event is underway.

This time it was a drill, but what Legg Mason, based in Baltimore, Maryland,
wants to be prepared for is any fallout if Greece leaves the euro.

Companies around the globe will be on similar high alert this weekend as
Greeks prepare to vote in an election on Sunday that could decide the future
of the European single currency.

Fathers' Day celebrations have been canceled for some, and the head of a $1
billion hedge fund based in Hong Kong is among those abandoning holiday plans
to prepare for any disruption.

"We really do not think anything is going to happen, but we would rather be
over prepared than under prepared," said Joe Carrier, director of enterprise
risk management at Legg Mason, which has $627 billion of assets under
management.

Such war gaming has become routine for companies that have been watching the
euro zone crisis intensify, but the Greek vote gives it greater significance.

Victory for leftist SYRIZA, which opposes terms for an international bailout,
could make an exit from the euro zone more likely. SYRIZA is neck-and-neck
with conservatives.

One financial adviser with a Greek background and client base said he would be
calling relatives in Greece late on Sunday to get a sense of the situation. If
it sounds bad, he is ready to cut client allocations in Europe to zero on
Monday.

"The loyalty only goes so far," said Michael Bapis, managing director of the
Bapis Group at wealth managers HighTower Advisors in New York.

ASIA FIRST

In Asia, where markets will be first to react to the election results, banks
are calling in extra staff, some much earlier than usual.

"We're on code red. Asia is the first out of the blocks so across the region
we've got IT and solutions staff in early," said Toby Lawson, Asia-Pacific
Head of Financial Futures and Options and Cash Equities for broker Newedge.

In Hong Kong and Kuala Lumpur, traders plan to show up as early as 2 a.m. -
that is 9 p.m. in Athens (1900 BST) - to be at their screens when the news
comes in.

Central banks have signaled their readiness to respond in the event of any
turmoil from Greece's election.

The European Central Bank has hinted at an interest-rate cut and Britain has
said it is ready to open its coffers to supply funds. Japan and Switzerland
have said they will defend their currencies against unwelcome moves in the
event of a flight from the euro.

"From the first trading hour in Asia we're ready for action," said Walter
Meier, a Swiss National Bank spokesman.

ALL HANDS

Phil Orlando still expects to be sitting in the audience of his daughter
Nina's graduation from Horace Greeley High School in Chappaqua, New York, on
Sunday when the election results come in. The chief equity strategist at
investment management company Federated Investors will be clutching his
Blackberry and attempting to direct his team and plot strategies.

"For the next two weeks it's all hands on deck," he said.

The tale is similar for Bill Stone, chief investment strategist at PNC Asset
Management Group,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), whose team held a scenario planning
meeting this week. No one on his team is taking a vacation because of the
Greek elections.

Privately held international insurer FM Global is taking the "keep an eye out"
approach, at least for the weekend.

"I would expect that over the weekend I'll be checking my emails 4 to 5 times
a day," vice president and treasurer Bill Mekrut said. Mekrut is a board
member of the National Association of Corporate Treasurers, which convened
members last week to discuss best practices related to Greece.

While others are not planning to be in their offices on Sunday, they are
braced for any market turbulence.

"Our positions are decidedly risk-off already," said Troy Buckner, managing
partner at NuWave Investment Management. "We anticipate a bumpy path,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), and we're buckled in for the
ride."

Major brokerages are taking a similarly calm approach. Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney and Bank of America's Merrill Lynch said on Friday that their advisers
were on call and available, but noted that people had been preparing for
months for worst case scenarios such as if Greece were to exit the euro. "This
is not coming out of the blue,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" )," a Morgan Stanley spokesman
said.

One European bank was especially sanguine. "(It's) Fathers' Day on Sunday ...
Will we be cancelling that? Categorically not. At this stage, we all know
there are two outcomes: in or out (of the euro). But are we expecting the
whole world to crash on Sunday? Not really,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" )," said a source at the bank, who
asked not to be named.

Others see opportunity. Investors Bancorp said on Thursday that it would
acquire Marathon Banking Corp from Greek parent Piraeus Bank for $135 million
in cash. Marathon serves Greek-American communities in the greater New York
City area.

"Marathon Bank was started 23 years ago by a number of Greek businessmen, and
I can tell you that in working with them over the last few weeks, we found
them to be conservative, good managers of their franchise," Investors Bancorp
Chief Operating Officer Domenick Cama said on Friday.

"If it were not for the fact that the parent was based in Greece, and we know
the problems going on in Greece, this franchise probably would not have been
sold."

COMPANIES ON ALERT

Outside the world of finance, businesses are closely watching Greece. Drug
companies such as Roche and Novo Nordisk have started asking for cash-on-
delivery from some Greek hospitals as supplies run short and payment squabbles
arise.

Under moral pressure to avert a health catastrophe, drugmakers are weighing
emergency plans to keep medicines flowing if Greece exits the euro.

Corporate leaders like Xerox Corp Chief Executive Ursula Burns are watching
out for staff and how the financial infrastructure would look if Greece were
to leave the euro.

Burns, who said she would not be glued to her TV on Sunday, said she does not
expect a European Armageddon and thinks other chief executives would agree.

"I'll read about it in the paper the next morning," she said. "There is
nothing that needs to be done that urgently."

In Greece, bankers told Reuters that preparations were being made to avoid any
shortage of cash at branches and ATMs. Needs would be closely monitored, and
the central bank would be ready to dispatch armored cars with cash.

Credit card and payments companies are making contingency plans, and Visa
Europe said it was working with authorities to put systems in place in case
any country left the euro.

"Visa would work with all relevant parties to help ensure a swift transition
to a new currency with the minimum possible disruption to consumers and
retailers," it said in a statement.

Many companies said that even if Greece's election result does point toward a
likely exit from the euro,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), this would not happen
immediately, and there would be time to prepare.

(Additional reporting by Katya Wachtel, Sam Forgione, Herb Lash, Caroline
Valetkevitch, Nick Olivari, Ed Krudy, Nicola Leske, Nick Zieminski, Jennifer
Cummings, Joe Giannone, Ben Berkowitz, Catherine Bosley, Rachel Armstrong,
Chris Vellacott, Steve Slater, Sarah White, Ben Hirschler, David Randall;
Writing by Alexander Smith in London and Ben Berkowitz in Boston; Editing by
Matthew Tostevin and Toni Reinhold)

World Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://www.chatmessageboard.com/showthread.php?p=661873#post661873>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.chatmessageboard.com/showthread.php?p=661873#post661873>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://wiki.biomama.com/index.php/User:Ererge7arter#Possible_data_breach_by_Wells_Fargo_investigated>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge6srter#Fed.27s_Dudley_warns_of_over-optimism.2C_counters_hawks>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Futures point to Europe shares rising for 5th day" )]

##  Futures point to Europe shares rising for 5th day

LONDON (Reuters) - Stock index futures pointed to European shares extending a
winning run to a fifth session on Friday,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), as worries over indebted Greece
eased,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ), and after gains in Asia and on Wall Street.

At 0706 GMT,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), DJ Euro Stoxx futures were up
0.9 percent,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), Germany's DAX futures were up 0.7
percent and France's CAC-40 futures were up 1 percent.

(Reporting by Brian Gorman,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), editing by Atul Prakash)

Related Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Ererge9krter>
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.chatmessageboard.com/showthread.php?p=661873#post661873>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.chatmessageboard.com/showthread.php?p=661873#post661873>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://testanything.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge5nrter#Top_Swedish_thinktank_backs_lower_rates.2C_sees_high_growth>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Factbox  Options on the table to address euro zone crisis" )]

##  Factbox Options on the table to address euro zone crisis

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone leaders will meet on Thursday to discuss a
second bailout of Greece and how to stop the region's debt crisis from
spreading to Spain and Italy.,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" )

Below are the main options which officials have been discussing in the run-up
to the summit.

NEW FINANCING FOR GREECE

The leaders are likely to agree on a new round of financing for Greece that
would extend to mid-2014,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), supplementing the 110 billion
euro ($156 billion), three-year bailout which was launched in May last year.

The second bailout is expected to total around 110-120 billion euros. Some 30
billion euros of that amount would come from asset sales by the Greek
government; the remainder would be divided between emergency loans from the
European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF), which is the euro zone bailout
fund, loans from the International Monetary Fund,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), and a contribution from the
private sector in the form of debt relief.

The size of the private sector contribution was originally estimated at 30
billion euros but is now unclear, as is the form which the contribution will
take. Proposals for four main forms are being discussed, and officials say
that ultimately,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), a combination of more than one may be
used, or each private investor may be allowed to choose between them:

a) Bond buy-back. The EFSF would lend money to Athens, which Greece would then
use to buy back outstanding bonds, probably at market prices; some Greek bonds
are trading at roughly 50 percent discounts to their face value.

This option could conceivably reduce Greece's debt substantially, although not
by enough to solve the problem; private investors are estimated to hold only
about 190 billion euros of Greece's 340 billion euros of sovereign debt.
Analysts think the debt would have to be roughly halved to 80 percent of gross
domestic product to make it sustainable in the long term.

By cutting the value of Greek banks' bond holdings, this option would probably
make it necessary for the EFSF to recapitalize the banks. It would almost
certainly prompt credit rating agencies to assign a limited default rating to
Greek debt, which could destabilize Europe's financial markets as they
speculated about similar ratings for Ireland and Portugal; it could also
prevent Greek banks from using the bonds as collateral when borrowing from the
European Central Bank.

b) Bond swap. Germany floated the idea in June; private investors would be
given a certain amount of time to swap their Greek bonds for new paper of
longer maturities -- under the German proposal, maturities would be lengthened
by seven years.

Banks want the new Greek bonds to be guaranteed by AAA-rated securities, for
example EFSF bonds; euro zone sources say the amount and form of such credit
enhancements are under discussion.

Once again, this option would probably require a recapitalization of Greek
banks and prompt a limited default rating to be assigned to Greece.

c) Bond rollover. This would aim to have investors voluntarily maintain their
exposure to Greece by purchasing new bonds as their existing ones expired.
Rollover proposals are complex, though, because of efforts to make them
attractive to investors; one proposal by French banks in June would give
investors back 30 percent of maturing Greek bonds in cash and reinvest the
rest in new Greek paper with 30-year maturities, which would be guaranteed by
AAA paper and carry interest linked to Greece's economic growth rates.

This option would probably also trigger a limited default rating for Greek
debt.

d) Tax on European financial sector. Funds raised could be applied to reducing
Greece's debt, perhaps through a buy-back; one euro zone source estimated a
tax on all banks in the euro zone, whether holding Greek bonds or not, could
produce up to 10 billion euros a year, or 30 billion over three years.

This would have the advantage of appearing unlikely to trigger a downgrade by
credit rating agencies. But banks strongly oppose the idea and lawyers say it
might be difficult to implement quickly, given the lengthy legislative process
in the European Union and the legal challenges which such a tax might
encounter. Governments may only be proposing this option as a way to pressure
investors into accepting other options.

LOWER EFSF LENDING RATES, LONGER LOAN MATURITIES

Euro zone finance ministers decided on July 11 that: "Ministers stand ready to
adopt further measures that will improve the euro area's systemic capacity to
resist contagion risk, including enhancing the flexibility and the scope of
the EFSF, lengthening the maturities of the loans and lowering the interest
rates, including through a collateral arrangement where appropriate."

Sources familiar with the talks say all three euro zone bailout countries,
Greece, Ireland and Portugal, may be given better terms on current and future
loans.

EFSF lending rates are now 200 basis points above its own borrowing costs for
loans up to three years, and 300 bps for longer credit. Some sources say
bailout loans with maturities of 7.5 years could have their tenors doubled or
even quadrupled.

Euro zone officials believe that if the private sector contribution to the
second Greek bailout is in the form of a bond swap or buy-back, EFSF lending
terms will not need to be softened much. But rates would have to be lowered
and maturities extended if there is a rollover or bank tax.

EXPANDING THE POWERS OF THE EFSF

A senior euro zone source told Reuters this week that officials were in talks
to let the EFSF buy bonds of euro zone countries from the secondary market,
and to extend flexible, precautionary credit lines to governments which had
sound economic policies but whose debt was under market pressure.

Precautionary EFSF credit lines could resemble flexible credit lines extended
by the IMF to, for example, Mexico and Poland, where they have been
successful. They would allow the EFSF to act pre-emptively, before a rise in
market borrowing costs of a country had forced it to seek a full-fledged
bailout.

Expanding the EFSF's powers could be a difficult and time-consuming process,
requiring the approval of some national parliaments in the EU. Germany has in
the past opposed proposals to have the EFSF buy bonds from the secondary
market.

ENLARGING THE EFSF

The EFSF has an effective lending capacity of 440 billion euros. There are
calls for this to be doubled or even tripled,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), to
ensure the facility has the resources to cope if the crisis spreads to Spain
and Italy.

But enlarging the fund would be so controversial, requiring approvals from
some national parliaments, that euro zone official sources say a decision on
it is unlikely to be taken at this week's summit.

STIMULATING GREEK GROWTH

Euro zone officials are now putting more emphasis on pulling Greece out of
recession; the negative impact on growth of austerity steps in the first
package is seen as a defect.

Greece has received just 4.9 billion of 20.2 billion euros of EU development
funds earmarked for it from 2007 to 2013; last week it reached a deal with the
European Commission to speed disbursement of the funds. The EU's co-financing
rate for projects will rise to 85 percent from an average 73 percent,[Gucci
Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), cutting the financing that Athens must
provide.

European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso appointed a task force on
Wednesday to help Greece use the funds.

This week's summit may reiterate or expand on these steps.

(Editing by Andrew Torchia)

Italy GreeceRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&amp;ownerID=25266&amp;post_id=166079](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=25266&post_id=166079 "http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=25266&post_id=166079" )" target="_blank"&gt;[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&amp;ownerID=25266&amp;post_id=166079](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=25266&post_id=166079 "http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_post&ownerID=25266&post_id=166079" )&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://wiki.biomama.com/index.php/User:Ererge7arter>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge6srter#Manchester_United_sets_IPO_terms>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Oil slumps, yen jumps as economy fears prevail" )]

##  Oil slumps, yen jumps as economy fears prevail

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growing fears of a double-dip U.S. recession weighed on
global stocks and oil prices on Tuesday, pushing investors into the safe-haven
yen, which neared a 15-year peak versus the dollar.

Investors also rushed to the relative safety of gold and U.S. Treasury debt.
Yields on benchmark 10-year Treasuries were on track to record their largest
monthly drop since November 2008, when financial markets were reeling from the
Lehman Brothers collapse.

Oil prices, viewed as a proxy for the global economy,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), slumped nearly 4 percent.

Worries about the world's largest economy have been boosted by recent reports
showing a marked economic slowdown. The latest bad data included an index of
business activity in the U.S. Midwest, which rose less than economists
expected.

Minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting, in which
policymakers saw increasing risks to economic growth, also contributed to the
cautious mood.

U.S. stocks were supported somewhat,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ),
however, by data showing a modest rise in the confidence of U.S. consumers in
August,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), coupled with a larger-than-expected rise
in U.S. home prices in June.

"Markets responded to the better-than-expected U.S. consumer confidence, but
the markets have not made their mind up about the recovery," said Mike
Lenhoff, chief strategist at Brewin Dolphin. "There are still worries about a
double-dip recession."

The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 4.99 points, or 0.05 percent,
at 10,014.72, while the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged up 0.41
point, or 0.04 percent,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), to 1,049.33. The Nasdaq Composite
Index .IXIC declined 5.94 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,114.03.

For the month, both the Dow and the S&amp;P 500 lost more than 4 percent. The
Nasdaq fell more than 6 percent.

European stocks erased losses after the U.S. consumer confidence data but
still recorded their largest monthly decline in August since May.

The FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 of top European shares eked out a gain of
0.08 percent after falling as much as 1.3 percent earlier on Tuesday. It lost
around 2 percent in the month.

The MSCI All-Country World equity index .MIWD00000PUS slid 0.26 percent.

In another sign of investor concern about the sustainability of the global
recovery, oil prices fell for the second consecutive session.

U.S. crude oil prices for October delivery settled down $2.78, or 3.72
percent, at $71.92 a barrel. The contract extended losses after settlement,
tumbling 4.4 percent from the Monday close to $71.53 a barrel.

YEN NEARS 15-YEAR HIGH

The yen on Tuesday neared a 15-year high against the dollar, marking its
fourth monthly rise, as U.S. economic concerns boosted the safe-haven appeal
of the Japanese currency.

The strengthening of the yen came despite Japan's decision to expand cheap
loans to banks, a symbolic monetary easing move considered a sign that
authorities may act further to stop the currency appreciation.

"The policy action by the BoJ isn't going to change the market's mood. It
would probably take intervention to shake things up a bit," said Vassili
Serebriakov, currency strategist at Wells Fargo in New York.

The dollar was down 0.69 percent against the yen at 84.02. It had earlier
fallen to 84.83, according to Reuters data, not far from its 15-year low of
83.58 set on electronic trading platform EBS last week.

The euro was up 0.12 percent at $1.2678.

U.S. Treasury prices gained further as investors sought safety amid signs of a
faltering economy.

The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was up 17/32 in price, with the yield
at 2.47 percent. The 30-year bond rose 36/32, with the yield at 3.522 percent.

August has proven a banner month for government bonds, with benchmark 10-year
notes and the 30-year bond on track for the biggest monthly dip in yield since
November 2008, when the financial sector was reeling from the Lehman Brothers
bankruptcy and the credit crisis reached its peak.

Spot gold, another safe-haven investment, gained $10.35, or 0.84 percent, to
$1,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ),246.60,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), the highest since late June.

(Additional reporting by John Parry, Rodrigo Campos, Vivianne Rodrigues and
Aleksandra Michalska; Editing by Dan Grebler)

Related Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-online-9>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://learnmoregolf.com/forum/story.php?title=gucci-outlet-online-9>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge8krter>
  * <http://www.shareyourholiday.com/index.php/User:Ererge4arter#Pakistan_never_backed_Haqqani_network-spy_chief>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Chile volcano erupts, spits towering ash column" )]

##  Chile volcano erupts, spits towering ash column

SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A volcano dormant for decades erupted in south-central
Chile Saturday, belching ash over 6 miles into the sky and prompting the
government to evacuate several thousand residents, authorities said.

Winds fanned the ash toward neighboring Argentina, darkening the sky in the
ski resort city of San Carlos de Bariloche, a government official there
said,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), adding the city's airport had
been closed.

The eruption in the Puyehue-Cordon Caulle volcanic chain,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), about 575 miles south of the
capital, Santiago, also prompted Chilean authorities to shut a heavily
traveled border crossing into Argentina.

It was not immediately clear which of the chain's four volcanoes had erupted
because of ash cover and weather conditions. The chain last saw a major
eruption in 1960. Local media said the smell of sulfur hung in the air and
there was constant seismic activity.

"The Cordon Caulle (volcanic range) has entered an eruptive process,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ),
with an explosion resulting in a 10-kilometre-high gas column," state
emergency office ONEMI said. The government said it was evacuating 3,500
people from the surrounding area as a precaution.

It was the latest in a series of volcanic eruptions in Chile in recent years.
Chile's Chaiten volcano erupted spectacularly in 2008 for the first time in
thousands of years, spewing molten rock and a vast cloud of ash that reached
the stratosphere. The ash also swelled a nearby river and ravaged a nearby
town of the same name.

The ash cloud from Chaiten coated towns in Argentina and was visible from
space.

Chile's Llaima volcano,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www
.guccibags-bags.com/" ), one of South America's most active,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), erupted in 2008 and 2009.

Chile's chain of about 2,000 volcanoes is the world's second largest after
Indonesia. Some 50 to 60 are on record as having erupted,[Louis Vuitton
Factory Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), and 500 are potentially
active.

(Reporting by Felipe Iturrieta and Antonio de la Jara; Writing by Simon
Gardner; Editing by Peter Cooney)

World Environment Natural DisastersRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://sn.cybermoslem.net//blogs/viewstory/233346>
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=1994907#post1994907>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=1994907#post1994907>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://wiki.biomama.com/index.php/User:Ererge7arter#Syrian_forces_shell_Old_Deraa.2C_storm_mosque-residents>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Senators press CFTC to curb oil speculation" )]

##  Senators press CFTC to curb oil speculation

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senators hoping to rein in high oil and gasoline prices
slammed the futures market regulator on Thursday for not moving faster to
crack down on out-of-control speculators in commodity markets.

At a meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill, Commodity Futures Trading
Commission Chairman Gary Gensler refused to spell out when the agency would
act on a rule to limit the number of contracts big market players can hold in
oil and other commodities.

"There is nothing that I heard from him which suggests any sense of urgency
about the need to protect consumers or in fact to protect our economy,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" )," Senator Bernie Sanders told
reporters after he and five other senators met with Gensler.

Sanders, an Independent from Vermont, said the CFTC violated the law when it
failed to impose position limits on energy and other commodities by January,
as required under the Dodd-Frank financial reform law.

"The chief regulator on oil speculation, in my view, is breaking the law," he
said.

Senator Maria Cantwell,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), a Democrat from Washington
state, said the CFTC needed to act now to drive out the excessive speculation
in the market.

She said Gensler told the senators that speculators made up about 80 percent
of trading in the energy market, and the other 20 percent were legitimate
hedgers trying to protect against swings in prices or supply.

"What it tells us is there should be even more urgency to act. It is
imperative that the CFTC take an aggressive role and protect consumers today,"
Cantwell said.

She said if the CFTC does not act, Congress would look for ways to force the
agency to take action. Such a move would be difficult as many Republicans have
problems with the financial reform law.

Although the agency is expected to push ahead with position limits as part of
its mandate to step up and expand policing of derivative markets under the
biggest financial reforms in generations, it has conceded that it will miss a
July deadline to impose the measures.

With nearly $4 a gallon gasoline prices hindering U.S. economic recovery, a
group of 17 U.S. senators called on the CFTC two weeks ago to unveil its final
plan by May 23. The agency made an initial proposal for the rules earlier this
year, but has not set a vote to finalize them.

Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon criticized the CFTC for not zeroing in
on position limits for oil, which he said was more important than the other 27
commodities the agency is considering for limits.

"It is not cocoa that is driving the American economy right now. I don't have
my phone ringing off the hook on cocoa. It is oil that drives the
economy,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), and we are looking for some
significantly more aggressive action," he said.

Gensler's meeting with the senators followed an oil manipulation lawsuit filed
by the agency this week against two traders and a global trading house owned
by Norwegian billionaire John Fredriksen.

Sanders said he was concerned the CFTC may wait three years to go after any
manipulating firms or traders who may be behind the current high energy
prices.

"What the American people want is action now," he said.

Gensler has said the commission will begin considering several rulemakings in
late summer and he wanted position limits to be in that first batch.

"It's time to get this rule done," Senator Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat from
Minnesota,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), told reporters as she left the
meeting.

Gensler did not take questions after the meeting, as reporters tried to keep
up with his quick pace down a long hallway of the Dirksen Senate Office
Building, where the meeting took place.

A long-simmering debate over the role of speculators in commodity markets has
been revived this year as many prices push toward their 2008 peaks.

While critics say that investors with no intention of holding real oil or
metals or grains are artificially driving up prices,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), many analysts argue that tight
market fundamentals fully explain the latest run-up in prices.

John Felmy, the chief economist for the American Petroleum Institute,[Louis
Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), told reporters on Thursday that high
oil prices reflect tighter global supplies and strong demand, and speculators
should not be blamed.

(Reporting by Tom Doggett, editing by Jonathan Leff, David Gregorio and Lisa
Shumaker)

Related Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://bookmarknova.com/story.php?title=coach-outlet>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://bookmarknova.com/story.php?title=coach-outlet>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&amp;ownerID=25266](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=25266 "http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=25266" )" target="_blank"&gt;[http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&amp;ownerID=25266](http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=25266 "http://mylosttrails.com/blogs.php?action=show_member_blog&ownerID=25266" )&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Ererge2urter#U.S._warships_and_planes_move_from_Japan.27s_nuclear-crisis_co>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Factbox  Egypt's Hosni Mubarak" )]

##  Factbox Egypt's Hosni Mubarak

n"&gt;(Reuters) - Hosni Mubarak was ordered detained for 15 days for
investigation Wednesday,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-
sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), state television said,
a move that may help quell protests and quash suspicions that the ruling army
generals had been protecting their former commander.

Here are some key facts about him:

* Mubarak stepped down on February 11 after millions of Egyptians took to the streets to demand he end his 30-year rule. Since then he has been in internal exile in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, where he spent more and more time during his last years in power.

* The public prosecutor had summoned Mubarak Sunday as part of investigations into the killing of protesters and the embezzlement of public funds. In his first public comments since stepping down, broadcast by Al Arabiya Sunday, Mubarak denied wrongdoing.

* The former president suffered from health problems in recent years and went to Germany for gall bladder surgery in March 2010.

* Mubarak was thrust into office when Islamists assassinated his predecessor Anwar Sadat at a military parade in 1981. The burly former air force commander proved a far more durable leader than anyone imagined at the time.

* In power,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), Mubarak promoted Middle East peace and,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/ "http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), from 2004, backed economic liberalization measures that delivered sturdy growth but which many ordinary Egyptians blamed for widening the gap between rich and power.

* He always kept a tight lid on political opposition and resisted significant political change,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), even under pressure from the United States,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), which has poured billions of dollars of military and other aid into Egypt since it became the first Arab state to make peace with Israel, signing a treaty in 1979.

* Mubarak won his first and only multi-candidate presidential election in 2005, but the outcome was never in doubt and his main rival came a distant second. Rights groups and observers said the election was marred by irregularities,[Gucci Outlet Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/ "http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), as were all elections during his years in powers.

(Writing by Edmund Blair, Editing by Jeffrey Heller)

World EgyptRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://makarondu.nazuka.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/21457>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://makarondu.nazuka.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/21457>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://tagdeaf.com/ererge3erter/blog/nikkei-set-to-edge-lower-but-banks-may-gain/>
  * &lt;a href="<http://social.fbeach.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/34931>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://social.fbeach.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/34931>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: CIT assets attractive but only to bargain hunters" )]

##  CIT assets attractive but only to bargain hunters

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Many of CIT Group Inc's businesses,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), including trade and
transportation finance, could be of interest to potential buyers as the
commercial lender stares at the possibility of bankruptcy.

But this is a bad market in general for CIT to be selling any assets as the
economic downturn has hurt many of its markets badly, driving down values.

Disposals under distress would not only draw firesale prices but could also
lead to legal challenges down the road, investment bankers said.

The chances of a bankruptcy were heightened on Wednesday when CIT, a major
lender to small- and mid-sized U.S. businesses, said the government had told
the company that it was not going to provide additional support and that
bailout discussions had ceased.

In a report which cited a source close to the company, CNBC said CIT was
likely to file for Chapter 11 protection from creditors on Friday.

CIT's trade finance business is one of its most valuable units, a source close
to the lender said.

"It's also the unit that the government has the most interest in preserving
for the health of the small business economy," the person said.

The source listed JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co as the most logical suitor for the
unit. JPMorgan has the balance sheet to finance the unit and a lot of
experience in asset-backed lending, the source said.

General Electric, a smaller competitor in that space, and private equity firms
could also look at it, he added.

CIT's corporate finance business could also hit the market.

Logical suitors there would include banks such as Royal Bank of Canada or
Wells Fargo &amp; Co, the source added.

The source and other bankers spoken to about CIT's situation declined to be
identified because they weren't authorized to speak publicly or were concerned
about client confidentiality.

Bankers also said CIT's transportation finance businesses -- which include
rail car and aircraft leasing -- are attractive for buyers.

Its rail car leasing business, which the lender tried to sell last year, could
draw competitors such as GATX Corp and First Union Rail, a part of Wells
Fargo, as well as foreign buyers, bankers said.

GATX,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), a lease financing company, was
interested in buying the unit last year. The rail portfolio was on CIT's books
at $4.8 billion at the end of last year.

CIT's aircraft leasing business, which had a portfolio valued at $8.1 billion
as of Dec 31, could draw interest from rivals such as AerCap Holdings,[Louis
Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), Genesis Lease Ltd and Aircastle Ltd,[Louis
Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), bankers said.

DISCOUNTED PRICES

Even though many of CIT's businesses are attractive on their own, the lender
will probably be forced to sell them at discounted prices, these experts said.

Private equity was unlikely to be a bidder for many of CIT's main assets, one
private equity source who declined to be named said. The business model of the
firm -- having a high cost of capital -- would put such buyers at a
disadvantage.

And then there is the dreadful state of many of the markets that CIT serves.

Aircraft leasing, for instance,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), even with many potential suitors,
faces severe headwinds, as rival American International Group Inc is finding
out in its attempts to sell International Lease Finance Corp.

"Aircraft values are depressed and (some) airlines are in bankruptcy and for
that reason even though it is a very good asset, which should be the first one
sold by CIT to alleviate any of its liquidity issues, it might be harder than
usual," said Grant Tolson, a managing director at boutique investment bank
Sonenshine Partners.

Moreover, buyers are likely to be reluctant to buy any unit from CIT if they
expect the lender to file for bankruptcy, bankers said.

Selling any of the businesses at a discounted price before filing for
bankruptcy could also expose the buyer to clawback attempts by creditors in
court under the so-called "fraudulent conveyance" provision, Tolson said.

"There were opportunities to do things when the markets were better," said
another financial institutions banker.

"It's the same thing as AIG, though. Who is buying that stuff?" he said in
reference to the bailed-out insurer's difficulty selling assets at anything
like the prices they were once valued at.

(Additional reporting by Megan Davies; Editing by Valerie Lee)

(For more M&amp;A news and our DealZone blog,[Gucci Bags](http://www
.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-bags.com/" ), go to
www.reuters.com/deals)

Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review: 2011 Q2 Global Deals
Review Hot Stocks Asian Markets Small Business Inflows Outflows Crisis in
Credit Economy Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://chatsokagi.hourb.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/892>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://chatsokagi.hourb.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/892>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://www.dubabado.com/dbbd/blogs/posts/ererge0urter>
  * <http://wikicrime.org/index.php/User:Ererge6grter#Hackers_target_UK_government_websites_over_Assange_case>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Trapped tsunami victims ate yogurt to stay alive" )]

##  Trapped tsunami victims ate yogurt to stay alive

n"&gt;(Reuters) - An 80-year-old woman and her 16-year-old grandson were
rescued from their damaged home on Sunday in the city of Ishinomaki, nine days
after the northeast was devastated by a massive earthquake and tsunami, NHK
public TV said.

NHK quoted police in Miyagi prefecture as saying the two were weak but
conscious.

An NHK reporter,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), quoting a doctor at the hospital to
which the two were taken by helicopter, said the two had been trapped in their
kitchen after the massive earthquake and survived by eating yogurt and other
food in the refrigerator.

The grandson eventually made it to the roof and waved down a rescue
helicopter,[Louis Vuitton Factory
Outlet](http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonfactoryoutlet4.com/" ), the NHK reporter said.

The youth,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.usoutletlouisvuitton.com/" ), Jin Abe, had low body
temperature,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/
"http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), was shaking and had no feeling in
his left ankle,[Louis Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), the reporter said.

An official at Ishinomaki's Red Cross hospital said the two had been carried
into the hospital and were getting treatment.

"I only had a glimpse of the elderly woman,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/
"http://www.guccioutleteonline.net/" ), who had her eyes closed," the official
said. "She didn't appear to be dead," the official said when asked if she was
conscious.

Ishinomaki police were not immediately available to confirm the report.

On Saturday, Kyodo news agency and the military reported the "miracle rescue"
of a young man pulled from the rubble of his home, only to find out that he
had been in an evacuation centre beforehand and just returned to his home.

(Reporting by Chikako Mogi; Editing by Nick Macfie and Sugita Katyal)

World Natural DisastersRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://wikicrime.org/index.php/User:Ererge6grter#Iran_nuclear_talks_enter_second_day>
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=coach-outlet-32>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=coach-outlet-32>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.gaulz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/179091>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.gaulz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/179091>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: GM's Saab Auto secures debt writedown" )]

##  GM's Saab Auto secures debt writedown

VANERSBORG, Sweden (Reuters) - Swedish carmaker Saab secured a key court
ruling on Wednesday to cut billions of crowns in debt,[Gucci
Outlet](http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/" ), paving the way for its proposed
takeover by local sportscar maker Koenigsegg.

The ruling came after owner General Motors, Saab's biggest creditor, said on
Tuesday it had struck a preliminary deal to sell Saab Automobile to
Koenigsegg.

The court in Vanersborg,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), close to Saab's headquarters in
southwest Sweden, approved the 75 percent writedown of Saab's more than 10
billion Swedish crowns ($1.28 billion) of debt after a vast majority of
creditors gave the green light to the proposal earlier on Wednesday.

Saab filed for protection from creditors in February after its now bankrupt
U.S. parent, to whom Saab owes most of its debt,[Louis Vuitton
Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), said it would cut ties to the brand by the year-
end.

Saab's chief executive Jan Ake Jonsson told a news conference after the court
hearing the company had sufficient funds for it to complete the restructuring
of its business and praised its much smaller prospective new owner.

The deal between the two carmakers, which is expected to close in the third
quarter, is one of the most unlikely in automotive history -- Koenigsegg made
18 cars last year, Saab more than 93,000.

"Koenigsegg has an incredible cutting edge know-how in several areas while
Saab has a lot of cutting edge know-how in other areas," Jonsson said.

While Saab has made a name building safe and sturdy saloons, Koenigsegg
appeals to customers who are willing to spend around $1 million on a car that
is capable of speeds of more than 395 kilometers (245 miles) an hour.

BUSINESS PLANS STAND

Saab hopes a concentration of production and the launch of new models will
boost capacity utilization at the carmaker, while cost cuts are seen lowering
its breakeven level to an annual production rate of 130,000 vehicles.

But the company has forecast volumes will fall both this year and the next
from the 93,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ),000 units manufactured in 2008, though it has said it sees a
positive cash flow in 2011.

"The new group that we have written an MOU (memorandum of understanding) with
intends to carry out the business plan we have been working on for quite some
time," Jansson said.

"It is based on continuing along the road we've taken by readying the new
models we pretty much have completed. We'll continue strengthening our brand
and continue efforts to boost efficiency in order to reach a positive cash
flow in the future,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-
sale.com/ "http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" )," he added.

General Motors said the deal included an expected $600 million of loans from
the European Investment Bank, guaranteed by the Swedish government. Other
terms were not disclosed.

Jonsson said he was optimistic about securing the loan guarantees. "Since the
government has given the debt office the authorization,[LV
Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/ "http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), I
assume that all the work we've done ... will generate a positive result in
terms of loans and loan guarantees," he said. Koenigsegg was founded in 1994
by Christian von Koenigsegg. A new company called Koenigsegg Group -- with
backing from other investors including Norwegian entrepreneur Bard Eker and
U.S. investor Mark Bishop -- has been formed for the takeover.

($1=7.816 Swedish crowns)

(Writing by Veronica Ek; Editing by Greg Mahlich)

Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review: 2011 Q2 Global Deals
Review Inflows OutflowsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.waysone.com/blogs/posts/ererge3drter>
  * &lt;a href="<http://bookworm.comoj.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/25345>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://bookworm.comoj.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/25345>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Ererge6vrter#Syria_foreign_minister_says_250_U.N._observers__reasonable>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Suspected U.S. drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan  official" )]

##  Suspected U.S. drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan official

MIRANSHAH,[Gucci Bags](http://www.guccibags-bags.com/ "http://www.guccibags-
bags.com/" ), Pakistan (Reuters) - Unmanned U.S. aircraft fired missiles into
a home in a tribal region of western Pakistan on Wednesday,[Louis Vuitton
Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/ "http://www
.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), killing at least three militants, local
intelligence officials said, in an attack that ended a lengthy pause in drone
strikes that have become the mainstay of U.S. efforts to quash militants
fueling violence across the border in Afghanistan.

The officials said the missiles hit in the outskirts of the town of Miranshah
in the North Waziristan, killing at least three. Militants often dispute
official versions of such attacks and death tolls.

A source in Washington confirmed that a U.S.-operated drone had been fired at
a militant target in Pakistan. The source said that no well-known militants
were believed to have been targeted, injured or wounded in the attack.

The strike was the first such attack since November 17 and could deepen
anti-U.S. sentiment in Pakistan,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-
louisvuitton-outlet.com/ "http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), which
was already running high after a November 26 cross-border NATO air attack that
killed 24 Pakistani soldiers.

That incident triggered a deep chill in already troubled U.S.-Pakistan
relations, prompting Pakistan to close off NATO supply routes into
Afghanistan.

Drones armed with missiles have played a significant role in U.S. counter-
terrorism operations as the Obama administration winds down the war in
Afghanistan and Washington's focus expands to militant havens in countries
including Pakistan.

The United States vacated a remote air base, used to stage classified drone
flights against militants, in Pakistan's southwestern Baluchistan province
last month. Pakistan had asked U.S. forces to leave the base after the
November air strike.

The Obama administration contends that drone strikes have helped weaken the
central leadership of al Qaeda and put associated militant groups on the
defensive.

Many such groups operate in Pakistan's unruly northwestern tribal areas along
the border with Afghanistan.

U.S. officials denied that the drop-off in lethal drone strikes was part of a
deliberate moratorium on such flights linked to the political and diplomatic
uproar over the air strike. Officials maintained that lethal drone strikes
were based on the availability of targeting intelligence,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), and implied that such
intelligence recently had been in short supply.

For whatever reason,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), the latest lethal drone strike
appears to demonstrate that if there was any kind of moratorium on such
attacks,[LV Bags](http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), it has now been lifted.

(Additional reporting by Saud Mehsud in Dera Ismail Khan and Mark Hosenball in
Washington; writing by Qasim Nauman; editing by Louise Ireland and Mohammad
Zargham)

WorldRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://whatworkswell.net/index.php/User:Ererge4nrter#Greece_needs_EU_IMF_aid_beyond_2013__Fitch>
  * <http://www.esohbet.us/blogs/entry/Distressed-home-sales-fall-in-Q1-RealtyTrac>
  * <http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Ererge9krter#Oil_slumps.2C_yen_jumps_as_economy_fears_prevail>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: Debt restructuring won't help Greece  ECB's Stark" )]

##  Debt restructuring won't help Greece ECB's Stark

AACHEN,[Louis Vuitton Outlet](http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/
"http://www.outlet-louisvuitton-outlet.com/" ), Germany (Reuters) -
Restructuring Greece's sovereign debt would pose potentially incalculable
risks to the overall euro zone and will not solve the country's fiscal crisis,
a senior European Central Bank official said on Friday.

Speaking in the German city of Aachen,[Gucci Outlet
Online](http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletoonline.com/" ), ECB Executive Board member Juergen
Stark warned that market speculation over a debt restructuring was based on
the "false assumption" that Greece was insolvent.

"I would warn against underestimating the massive harmful effects a debt
restructuring would cause for the country involved and for the euro zone as a
whole," he said,[Louis Vuitton Online](http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/
"http://www.louisvuittononline-sale.com/" ), adding the risks would be far
reaching and effectively incalculable.

Debt sustainability would be hurt since companies would postpone their
investments out of uncertainty, throttling growth and increasing its
obligations as a proportion of the economy's size.

Additionally the domestic banking sector would be brought to the edge of
insolvency,[Gucci Outlet](http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/
"http://www.guccioutletnonline.com/" ), forcing the government deeper into the
hole as it bailouts lenders.

"Moreover it is very well conceivable that the risks for financial market
stability could spread to other European countries," he said.

"The idea that one could then solve a fiscal crisis through a simple debt
reduction (resulting from a restructuring) is consequently an illusion," Stark
continued.

Instead he said the solitary alternative for a lasting solution to the crisis
was for Greece and other indebted euro zone countries to continue on their
path of painful austerity measures and comprehensive structural reforms.

Any debt restructuring would have the opposite effect, and weaken the
incentives for a government to push through unpopular reforms and harsh budget
cuts.

"In the case of Ireland and Portugal there is broad support and
accountability. I expect this will soon be the case in Greece as well," Stark
added.

While he expected the euro zone to eventually increase in its membership from
the current 17 EU states participating,[Louis
Vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonlouisvuitton.com/" ), he added that none of the
remaining 10 currently could withstand the rigorous convergency criteria
needed to adopt the euro.

He was addressing an event held ahead of Aachen's prestigious Charlemagne
Prize on June 2 that will be awarded to ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet.

A hard-liner when it comes to price stability,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), Stark left little doubt once
again that further ECB rate hikes were on the agenda to keep inflation
expectations well anchored.

"We never said that we would raise rates every month or every two to three
months, we said we would raise them gradually," he said on Friday. The
Frankfurt-based central bank hiked lending rates for the first time in almost
three years last month after headline euro zone inflation surged past the
threshold it uses to define price stability, which is below but close to 2
percent.

The market currently is pricing in two further hikes before the end of the
year, with the next one generally expected to come in July.

(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi in Aachen and Christiaan Hetzner in
Frankfurt; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)

Euro ZoneRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://wearticles.com/reference-and-education/online-education/damascus-merchants-put-up-shutters-in-challenge-to.html>
  * <http://wearticles.com/business/online-business/have-you-heard-buy-the-dip.html>
  * <http://outdoorschoice.com/blogs/2749/39295/blackstone-latest-buyout-fund-no>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: G20 pledges to double IMF crisis-fighting funds" )]

##  G20 pledges to double IMF crisis-fighting funds

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Group of 20 leading industrial and emerging
countries pledged more than $430 billion on Friday to bolster the
International Monetary Fund's fire-fighting power and ward off financial
contagion from Europe.,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" )

The agreement would double the IMF's war chest,[coach outlet
online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" ), achieving the target laid out by IMF chief Christine Lagarde
at the start of the IMF/World Bank meetings this weekend.

"There are firm commitments to increase resources made available to the IMF by
over $430 billion in addition to the quota increase under the 2010
reform,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" )," G20 finance ministers and central bankers
said in a communique,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), referring to plans to give emerging
economies more say at the IMF.

(Reporting By Krista Hughes and Stella Dawson; Editing by Leslie Adler)

Housing Market IMFRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://social636.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/375387>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://social636.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/375387>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-online-13>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.christopherpatrickdesigns.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-online-13>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://pluswide.comule.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/18736>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://pluswide.comule.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/18736>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=14 "Edit
section: Syria attack kills 21; rebels say protect U.N. monitors" )]

##  Syria attack kills 21; rebels say protect U.N. monitors

BEIRUT (Reuters) - At least 21 people were killed on Tuesday in an attack in
northern Syria, activists said, and members of a team of U.N. monitors caught
in the incident said they were in rebel hands "for their own protection."

When Reuters asked one of the four monitors by phone if they were being held
prisoner, he said: "We are safe with the (rebel) Free Army."

A spokesman for the rebel military council said the rebels were working on a
safe exit for the monitors. An internal U.N. document obtained by Reuters said
that a total of six monitors were under rebel "protection" in a "friendly
environment."

"They are now with the Free Army which is protecting them. If they leave, the
regime will terminate them because they have witnessed one of its crimes and
it does not want them to tell the truth," rebel Major Sami al-Kurdi told
Reuters.

"We will get them out tomorrow," he said later. The internal U.N. document
confirmed the U.N. team in Syria "will conduct a patrol to pick up the
mentioned UNMOs (observers)" on Wednesday.

Each side blamed the other for the attack in Khan Sheikhoun in northern Idlib
province.

Some rebel and opposition sources put the death toll from the attack as high
as 66.

Pro-government Addounia TV said gunmen had opened fire on the monitors, but
did not mention casualties.

The monitor who spoke to Reuters said gunfire had erupted as a seven-man U.N.
team toured Khan Sheikhoun, then a blast damaged one of the group's vehicles.

Ahmad Fawzi, international mediator Kofi Annan's spokesman, said the convoy
was hit by an improvised explosive device.

"Three U.N. vehicles were damaged but no U.N. personnel were hurt in this
explosion. The mission has sent a patrol team to the area to help to extract
those U.N. military observers," he said in a statement.

Internet footage appeared to show a white vehicle, like those used by the
monitors,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), with a damaged front. In
Damascus Major General Robert Mood, the head of the U.N. monitoring
mission,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), told reporters the team was
safe, without elaborating.

A British-based opposition group, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights,
said government troops had opened fire on a funeral procession in the town,
about 220 km (140 miles) north of Damascus.

The group said a total of 46 people had been killed by government forces
across the country. There was no independent confirmation, and Syria has
limited journalists' access during the uprising.

OPPOSITION KEEPS SECULAR CHIEF

The incident came hours after the Syrian National Council (SNC), an umbrella
opposition group in which Islamists are influential, re-elected Burhan
Ghalioun, a sociologist long resident in France, as its leader for another
three months.

People involved in the vote, which took place in Rome, said the secular
Ghalioun was viewed as acceptable to Syria's array of sects and ethnic groups.

Shortly afterwards Fawaz Tello, a prominent dissident, resigned from the SNC,
the latest of several senior figures to quit the body in recent months.

Tello, one of a minority of liberals in the SNC,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), said he was leaving because the
council had been avoiding democratic reform and resisting international
efforts to unify the opposition.

Meanwhile Damascus said more than half of eligible voters turned out last week
for a parliamentary election, part of reforms it says show President Bashar
al-Assad's determination to resolve the uprising peacefully.

Khalaf al-Azzawi, head of the judiciary body that oversaw the election,[coach
outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/" ), said 51 percent of eligible voters had turned out, down
slightly from an election in 2007 when the rule of Assad's Baath party was
unchallenged.

At least one independent figure was elected to the assembly, according to
results Azzawi read out in a televised news conference in Damascus. No figures
were given for turnout in cities and towns under siege by government forces.

"The election gave the people the broadest possible representation," he said.
"The election took place with full transparency,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), democracy,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), integrity, supervised and monitored by
independent judicial councils which were not pressured by any side."

Opposition leaders dismissed the election in advance as a ruse to buy more
time for crushing dissent and said voting was not feasible in areas being
besieged and shelled by the security forces.

The vote follows amendments to the constitution to allow more political
parties, which Damascus has cited as evidence of its desire to move toward a
political solution to the bloodshed.

A peace plan brokered by Annan in April calls for the release of detainees and
for peaceful protests to be allowed.

SAUDI-IRANIAN RIVALRY

Persistent bloodshed since then has led Saudi Arabia to warn that Annan's plan
is losing credibility. Sunni Saudi Arabia would welcome Assad's removal as a
blow to his backers in Shi'ite Muslim Iran, Riyadh's rival for influence in
the Gulf.

Elsewhere, opposition activists said government forces killed two insurgents
in the eastern oil town of Deir al-Zor and continued a wave of arrests in
which hundreds of people have been detained in recent days.

The Annan plan also calls on Assad's forces and rebels to allow free
distribution of humanitarian aid, over which the United Nations is at
loggerheads with Syria.

The United Nations has rebuffed a demand by Damascus that it manage the
delivery of all humanitarian aid to a million people in areas stricken by the
conflict.

"That position is a non-starter ... as it should be," said one U.N. diplomat.

"OCHA (U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs) can't allow
the Syrian government to use it as a way to get people (they want to arrest)
or to deliver aid only to government supporters."

U.N. aid chief Valerie Amos said on Tuesday that talks with Syria were
continuing but have been "very slow." [ID:nL1E8GFEKR]

On Tuesday, relief group Medecins sans Frontieres said combatants were
targeting health facilities in the northern Idlib region, and called on all
sides to "respect the physical integrity of wounded persons, doctors and
health care facilities".

The sectarian dimension of the uprising has given rise to fears of a spillover
beyond Syria's borders, including to neighboring Lebanon, where there have
been three days of fighting between members of the Alawite sect - to which
Syria's ruling circle belongs - and Sunni Islamists.

At least eight people have been killed and more than 70 wounded since fighters
in adjacent Alawite and Sunni districts of Tripoli began firing small arms and
rocket-propelled grenades, following the arrest of a Sunni man who has been
charged with membership of a "terrorist" organization.

Syria - which has influence with the Lebanese military and intelligence
apparatus - has demanded that Lebanon crack down on groups moving weapons
across the border to Syrian insurgents.

(Additional reporting by Khaled Oweis in Amman, Erika Solomon in Tripoli, Tom
Miles in Geneva, Michelle Nichols and Louis Charbonneau at the United Nations;
Writing by Joseph Logan; Editing by Tim Pearce and Eric Walsh)

World United Nations SyriaRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://www.pushtop.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-outlet-online-2>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.pushtop.com/story.php?title=louis-vuitton-outlet-online-2>&lt;/a&gt;
  * &lt;a href="<http://www.gaulz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/182616>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://www.gaulz.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/182616>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge6srter#Car_makers_go_local_to_tap_China_growth>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=15 "Edit
section: Attacks on Romney for offshore assets, taxes heat up" )]

##  Attacks on Romney for offshore assets, taxes heat up

CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa/GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's
re-election team stepped up attacks on Mitt Romney for holding offshore assets
and urged him to release more tax returns, pushing hard on an issue that could
be a weak point for the Republican presidential candidate.

The Obama campaign and top Democrats took to the Internet and airwaves on
Tuesday with accusations that Romney is being secretive about his wealth as
they seek to cement an image of the Republican candidate as a multi-
millionaire who is out of touch with ordinary Americans.

The intensity of the Democrats' criticism suggested they feel they have got
hold of an issue that could knock points off Romney's opinion poll numbers,
like they did by accusing him of firing blue-collar workers when he was an
executive at Bain Capital private equity firm.

An ad from the Obama campaign urged Romney to release more tax returns to give
details of money in foreign havens like the Cayman Islands and Bermuda.

"Why is Mitt Romney hiding the rest of his tax returns?" asked a new Obama ad,
which had the sound of a ticking clock in the background. "How long can Romney
keep information on his investments in overseas tax havens secret? And why did
he do it in the first place?"

Republicans say the focus on Romney's personal wealth - estimated at up to
$250 million - is an attempt to divert attention from Obama's failure to
improve the struggling economy and high unemployment rates.

Obama's running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, joked in a speech to a
Hispanic group about Romney's reluctance to release more than two years of tax
returns.

"He wants you to show your papers, but he won't show us his," Biden said,
referring to Romney's support for a tougher line against illegal immigration.

OUT OF TOUCH

"And this is a man who says President Barack Obama is out of touch. Out of
touch with the needs of the American people. This coming from a man who until
recently had a Swiss bank account and millions of dollars invested in the
Grand Cayman Islands ... beyond scrutiny," Biden said.

Romney, who is one of the richest men ever to run for U.S. president, has
released his 2010 tax returns and estimates for 2011 but has been reluctant to
make public any more.

His taxes were an issue during the Republican primaries when it became known
that he is paying an effective tax rate of around 15 percent, lower than that
paid by most top wage earners. The issue resurfaced in recent days due to
media articles about his investments abroad.

The former Massachusetts governor says the foreign holdings are handled by
blind trusts which he does not control.

"I can assure you of this - I have followed the law, I have paid my taxes as
due," Romney said on the Sean Hannity radio show.

"What he has done is one attack after another ... suggesting that I would
engage in something that is illegal, that is criminal, that I would hide
assets and not pay the taxes that were owed. It's amazing," Romney said.

Obama extended his lead over Romney to 6 percentage points in a Reuters/Ipsos
poll released on Tuesday.

It was unclear how effective the attacks on Romney's personal wealth and
offshore assets might be. But surveys have shown that a previous portrayal by
Democrats of Romney as an out-of-touch rich man did hit his poll numbers.

Negative ads targeting him as a job killer during his time as an executive in
the 1980s and 1990s lowered support for the Republican in swing states.

In Grand Junction, Colorado,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), Romney turned around earlier
accusations by Obama that Bain Capital outsourced U.S. jobs to cheaper
countries abroad.

"By putting money into energy companies - solar and wind energy companies that
end up making their products outside the united states. If there's an
outsourcer in chief, it's the president of the United States, not the guy
who's running to replace him,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" )," Romney said.

OBAMA AND 'TAX FAIRNESS'

Obama pushed his message of "tax fairness" on a visit to the election
battleground state of Iowa where he touted calls for middle-class tax relief
and painted Republicans as the party that favors the rich.

A day after he proposed extending Bush-era tax cuts for families making less
than $250,[polo ralph lauren outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ),000 annually, Obama told a campaign
rally that if Congress did not act, the average family of four would have to
pay about $2,200 more in taxes next year.

In an effort to portray himself as able to understand ordinary Americans,
Obama noted how he and his wife Michelle also worked hard to manage all the
different bills during the early years of their marriage.

"We should make sure the taxes on the 98 percent of Americans don't go up and
then we should let the tax cuts expire for folks like me, for the top 2
percent of Americans," Obama, his top shirt button undone and tie casually
askew, told a cheering crowd of about 1,600 at a local community college.

"To give me another tax break,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), or to give Warren
Buffett another tax break or to give Mitt Romney another tax break, that would
cost ... about a trillion dollars. And we can't afford it," he said.

The Democratic president's emphasis over two days on tax relief gave him an
opportunity to shift attention away from his handling of the economy after
government data last week showed another month of weak job growth.

"People are worried about their own bank accounts, not Mitt Romney's bank
accounts," said Tony Fratto, a Republican consultant and former deputy
spokesman for President George W. Bush.

"These are silly diversions that the Obama campaign is trying to throw out
there to avoid talking about the real issues that people are worried about
which are jobs,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" )," he said.

Former Republican Party chair Haley Barbour said on CNN on Monday that if he
were in Romney's shoes, he would release more than two years of tax returns.

But like other Republicans,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ), Barbour said it should not be a
campaign issue. "I don't think it amounts to diddly," he said.

In April, Romney estimated his tax liability at $3.2 million for last year,
having released estimates in January indicating he expected his family's
income for 2011 to be $20.9 million. That would put his tax rate at about 15.3
percent, far below the top U.S. tax rate on wages of 35 percent.

The Obamas paid an effective tax rate of 20.5 percent on income of $789,674
last year, the White House said. They earned half their income from his
presidential salary of $395,000 and the rest from book sales.

(Writing by Debbie Charles; editing by Alistair Bell and Mohammad Zargham)

Politics Barack Obama Election 2012Related Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.qmail-ldap.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge3qrter#MF_Global_was_confident_it_could_survive>
  * &lt;a href="<http://sma3kerinci.3owl.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/13205>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://sma3kerinci.3owl.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/13205>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://slackercomics.com/blogs/entry/Cyprus-Spain-EFSF-bids-accepted-Cypriot-Finance-Minister>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=16 "Edit
section: Geithner testimony on financial rescue plan" )]

##  Geithner testimony on financial rescue plan

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The following are highlights of U.S. Treasury Secretary
Timothy Geithner's testimony on Tuesday to the Senate Banking Committee on the
U.S. government's revamped financial rescue plan:

ON MUNICIPAL BOND MARKETS DOWNTURN:

"When the basic funding sources for that dried up and when the amount of
credit protection no longer proved sufficient, you saw those resources fall
away -- huge, acute damage to the muni markets. ... There are a group of
people in the Treasury and the Fed who are looking out for any new ideas on
how to address this problem. We are open to suggestions. To be honest with
you, I have not yet seen a good idea which I think would be an effective use
of resources,[Coach Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), again relative to the costs of
risks."

ON WHETHER SOME BANKS ARE TOO BIG TO FAIL:

"It is very important that we let the world know, the American people know,
that we will take whatever action to help prevent the kind of failure that
would cause systemic damage to our system. I think that is a very important
thing to say and it's important that our actions meet that test."

(Asked if some banks are too big to fail:)

"I don't think Senator I want to use those words but I do believe deeply and I
think we have had a lot of experience over the last 18 months seeing the
consequences of alternative strategies, that it's important for our country
that we do what is necessary to help stabilize the core of our financial
system."

ON CHANGES IN FINANCIAL RESCUE PLAN:

"This plan is fundamentally different in broad objectives and direction.

"The path our country has pursued to date was too limited in support -- it
came late,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), it came with too little broad trust in
confidence and too little direct support to the businesses and consumers and
households that were most affected by the crisis. People who were careful and
responsible in their actions, but were damaged by the judgments of those who
did not.

"And we are going to bring much broader,[louis vuitton outlet
online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), more rigorous standards for
transparency and accountability with tougher conditions to protect the
taxpayer.

"We are going to bring a forceful approach targeted at strengthening banks,
getting these credit markets going again."

ON TARP:

"Our system is still very damaged and across the country you are seeing
businesses find their credit lines cut and average Americans finding it tough
to raise the funds they need to do important things, like put the kids through
college, finance a new home. We have not seen enough impact of this yet,
that's in part because the economy is ... weakening, we are facing an
escalating, very challenging recession and that is working against the efforts
that we made over the course of the fall to help stabilize the system. The
action that Congress took in the fall to authorize the Emergency Economic
Stabilization Act, that action made it possible for your government to take
some very important steps to pull the system back from the edge of
catastrophic failure and that action has helped to bring a better tone of
stability and some improvement to the financial system. Without that we would
be sitting here today with a dramatically worse crisis,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), dramatically hard to solve, costing more resources over time."

ON INSURANCE REGULATION:

"I do believe that as a critical part of the broad reforms we're going to need
to undertake to make sure a crisis like this does not happen again,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), an important part of that will be to
re-examine the overall supervisory structure around insurance companies. And I
think these proposals to have a federal charter have a lot of merit, and we'll
look at them very carefully, and again my personal view is that that could be
an important part of the plan."

ON NEED FOR MORE RESOURCES:

"I'm not standing here before you today to ask you to authorize more
resources. I want to be candid,[Louis Vuitton
Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), though, that I think this is going
to be an expensive problem for the nation and it's going to require
substantial resources. But Congress has already authorized substantial
resources, and I think our first obligation is to move to use those resources
as carefully and as effectively as possible."

ON FORECLOSURE MITIGATION:

"We are committed to use a substantial part -- at least $50 billion -- of the
resources authorized by Congress to support a set of programs to help get
mortgage payments down where it's appropriate to do that, to help people
refinance and stay in their homes, and to try to get broader interest rates
down."

Politics Housing Market Crisis in Credit EconomyRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://pet-o-files.com/blogs/3285/29885/factbox-fed-staff-forecasts-fro>
  * <http://www.zocials.com/blogs/entry/Yahoo-to-lay-off-2-000-employees>
  * <http://theguytohire.com/sean/node/167744>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=17 "Edit
section: Timeline  Worst bomb attacks on mainland Britain" )]

##  Timeline Worst bomb attacks on mainland Britain

n"&gt;(Reuters) - British police said Monday they had been warned of a bomb in
central London, a day before Queen Elizabeth makes a historic visit to
Ireland.

Here is a timeline of some of the worst bomb attacks on mainland Britain by
Irish dissident groups in the last 35 years.

February 1974 - Coach carrying soldiers and families in northern England is
bombed by the Irish Republican Army (IRA). Twelve people killed,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), 14 hurt.

October-November 1974 - Wave of IRA bombs in British pubs kills 28 people and
wounds more than 200.

July 1982 - Two IRA bomb attacks on soldiers in London's royal parks kill 11
people and wound 50.

December 1983 - IRA bomb at London's Harrods department store kills six.

October 1984 - Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's cabinet narrowly escapes IRA
bomb that kills five people at Brighton hotel during Conservative Party's
annual conference.

September 1989 - Bomb at Royal Marines Music School in Deal,[polo
outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/ "http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ),
southeast England,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), kills 11 and wounds 22.

February 1990 - Explosion at Army recruitment center in
Leicester,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), central England. Two wounded.

May 1990 - Seven wounded by blast at Army Educational Service headquarters in
London suburb of Eltham.

May 1990 - One soldier is killed and another wounded by car bomb in
Wembley,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), north London.

June 1990 - Soldier is shot dead at train station in Lichfield, central
England.

February 1991 - IRA comes close to killing Prime Minister John Major and key
cabinet members in a mortar attack on Downing Street. One of three mortar
bombs slammed into garden behind building, exploding within 50 feet of the
target.

April 1992 - Huge car bomb outside Baltic Exchange in London's financial
district kills three people and wounds 91.

March 1993 - Bombs in two litter bins in Warrington kill two boys aged three
and 12.

April 1993 - IRA truck bomb devastates Bishopsgate area of London's financial
district, killing one and wounding 44.

February 1996 - Two people die when IRA guerrillas detonate large bomb in
London's Docklands area.

March 2001 - Car bomb explodes outside BBC's London headquarters. Police say
the Real IRA,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ), a republican splinter group opposed to
the IRA's ceasefire, was behind the blast. One man was wounded.

May 2011 - A warning comes from Irish dissident republicans opposed to the
peace process in Northern Ireland.

(Writing by David Cutler; London Editorial Reference Unit)

World IrelandRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://friendcycle.co.cc/blogs/viewstory/34031>
  * <http://cdr.chicagobynight.org/CDR/index.php/User:Ererge4mrter#Insight__Somalia.27s_old_problems_litter_path_to_new_future>
  * <http://www.careultimate.com/node/43717>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=18 "Edit
section: Gold slips as dollar up after Moody's Spain move" )]

##  Gold slips as dollar up after Moody's Spain move

LONDON (Reuters) - Gold eased in Europe on Wednesday as the dollar rose
broadly, with the euro coming under selling pressure as the ratings agency
Moody's put Spain's AA1 rating on review for a possible downgrade.

Underlying demand for the metal as a haven from risk was,
however,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), preventing a larger correction,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ),
analysts said.

Spot gold was bid at $1,[jordan shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/
"http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/" ),393.05 an ounce at 1258 GMT, against
$1,395.61 late in New York on Tuesday. U.S. gold futures for February delivery
fell $10.50 an ounce to $1,393.80.

"Clearly the downside is well supported by ongoing uncertainties about debt,
with Moody's (reviewing) some European ratings outlooks, on Spain and Belgium
and so on,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" )," said Credit Agricole analyst Robin
Bhar.

"In the short term that will be seen as a negative because it does harm the
euro, but in the long term it has got to be a supportive factor, particularly
if those concerns about fiscal deficits focus on the United States."

Moody's said on Wednesday it had put Spain on review for a possible downgrade
because of its high funding needs and doubts about its banking sector and
regional finances. It cut its outlook for Belgian debt to negative on Tuesday.

This pressured the euro down 0.2 percent against the dollar, 0.1 percent
versus the Japanese yen and to record lows against the Swiss franc.

The Moody's news fueled concern over the scale of some euro zone countries'
debt, after Greece and Ireland struggled with their finances earlier this
year. This helped drive gold to a record $1,430.95 an ounce earlier this
month.

U.S. DEFICIT EYED

Some budget experts also fear the United States will face a Greece-style debt
crisis over the coming decade if it does not bring down budget deficits, which
hit 9.9 percent of GDP in fiscal 2009.

"The unease generated by ever-growing budget deficits is negative for the U.S.
dollar and supportive of gold," HSBC said in a note. "A lack of confidence in
the government's willingness to cut the deficit is an important component in
the gold rally."

Gold buying in main consumer India slowed on Wednesday as the weak rupee kept
prices of the precious metal relatively high in local terms.

Meanwhile the world's largest gold exchange-traded fund, the SPDR Gold Trust,
said its holdings fell by just over 3 tones on Tuesday. &lt;GOL/SPDR&gt;

However, the iShares Silver Trust, the world's largest silver-backed ETF, said
its holdings hit a record high at 10,964.14 tones on December 14.

"Given our positive outlook for gold we expect silver to enjoy continued
investor demand in 2011,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" )," UBS said in a note. "But silver
is very volatile, and this will deter some investors. We see silver averaging
$33.00 in 2011."

Spot silver was bid at $29.21 an ounce against $29.40,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.com/" ), platinum was at $1,696.24 an
ounce against $1,704.24, and palladium at $745.58 against $757.97.

The amount of palladium held to back the New York-listed ETFS Physical
Palladium exchange-traded product rose 1.4 percent to a record high of 1.119
million ounces on Tuesday, according to the U.S. arm of ETF Securities, which
manages the product.

Holdings of the ETFS Physical Platinum ETP also held at a record 412,733
ounces.

(Editing by Anthony Barker)

Related Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://spitters.de/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/552822>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://spitters.de/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/552822>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://izoneface.com/blogs/viewstory/66617>
  * &lt;a href="<http://myspz.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/124311>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://myspz.com//index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/124311>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=19 "Edit
section: Tandberg  Cisco bid backed by major shareholders" )]

##  Tandberg Cisco bid backed by major shareholders

OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegian video-conferencing equipment maker Tandberg ASA
said on Thursday that major shareholders had voiced support for the $2.98
billion cash bid from U.S. network equipment maker Cisco System. "There are
major shareholders out there that have sent their congratulations over the
course of the day... We really appreciate your support,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" )," Chief
Executive of Tandberg,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-
usonline.net/ "http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), Fredrik
Halvorsen,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http://store-
coachoutlet.com/" ), told a telephone conference.

John Chambers,[polo ralph lauren
outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), Chief Executive of Cisco,[Coach
Outlet](http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/
"http://www.coachoutletstoreline2012.net/" ), said he was "very comfortable"
with the prospects of winning regulatory approval for Cisco's purchase of
Tandberg.

(Reporting by Wojciech Moskwa)

Tech Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review: 2011 Q2 Global
Deals Review Inflows Outflows Related Quotes and News Company Price Related
NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.dubabado.com/dbbd/blogs/posts/ererge0urter>
  * &lt;a href="<http://bluebook.hu/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33803>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://bluebook.hu/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33803>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://thebiblereincarnate.com/index.php/User:Ererge1hrter#Factbox_What.27s_at_stake_for_the_United_Nations_in_Syria>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=20 "Edit
section: Fed releases template for rate forecasts" )]

##  Fed releases template for rate forecasts

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve previewed its new practice of
announcing policymakers' interest rates projections on Friday, issuing a table
that showed analysts may be able to guess where the policy consensus lies.

One blank chart,[polo outlet](http://www.poloutletsale.com/
"http://www.poloutletsale.com/" ), which extends out to 2016,[polo ralph
lauren outlet](http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/
"http://www.poloralphlaurenoutlett.com/" ), will show the distribution of
expectations for the first policy tightening following years of near-zero
interest rates.

Another panel, which will show forecasts for the benchmark federal funds rate
over time,[Cheap NFL Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), could give observers the chance to see where
individual officials' forecasts lie, although the estimates will not be linked
to particular names.

Some analysts thought they might be privy only to the range of
forecasts,[coach outlet online](http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/
"http://www.coachoutlet-usonline.net/" ), not the distribution of forecasts
along that range. When the Fed has released its economic forecasts in the
past, the public has had to wait for the release of meeting minutes three
weeks later to get that level of clarity.

The Fed recently announced its decision to publish official forecasts for
rates,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ), in addition to the projections for
employment,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), inflation and growth that they already
release quarterly.

The template for the rate forecasts is posted on the Fed's website at: here

(Reporting By Pedro da Costa and Mark Felsenthal; Editing by Neil Stempleman)

Related Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://uupv.info/story.php?title=gucci-bags-1>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://uupv.info/story.php?title=gucci-bags-1>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://www.jfb.hu/node/52684>
  * <http://community.froghosting-group.co.uk/blogs/viewstory/50104>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=21 "Edit
section: Exclusive  Commerzbank in state aid talks" )]

##  Exclusive Commerzbank in state aid talks

FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German lender Commerzbank (CBKG.DE) and the government
have been in talks for several days over possible state aid,[louis vuitton
outlet online](http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonsoutletonlinea.com/" ), five people familiar with the
matter told Reuters on Monday.

The aim was to reach an agreement in principle by Christmas, coalition sources
said on Monday.

While Commerzbank, 25 percent-owned by Germany, wants to avoid state aid, it
needs to find 5.3 billion euros ($7 billion) capital by mid-2012 to meet
European Banking Authority capital rules.

Since Germany's second-largest bank raised 5.3 billion euros from shareholders
in June, writedowns on Greek sovereign debt and tougher capital rules have
eroded its capital cushion.

How Germany could help strengthen Commerzbank's balance sheet remains open,
coalition and banking sources said.

On Monday,[Rolex Luxury Watches](http://www.philipeswatches.net/
"http://www.philipeswatches.net/" ), Commerzbank stood by its commitment to
avoid taking more help from Germany, which would move it nearer to
nationalization -- a spokesman reiterated its stance last Thursday when chief
financial officer Eric Strutz said: "We stand by our intention not to make use
of additional public funds."

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

GRAPHIC-Euro banks CDS price: link.reuters.com/qux33s

GRAPHIC-Bank deleveraging: r.reuters.com/bag45s

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In particular, the bank wants to avoid a direct capital injection and would
rather bolster its balance sheet by shedding liabilities, people close to
Commerzbank said.

One option is transferring parts or the whole of its problematic Eurohypo unit
to a "bad bank" within Germany's bank rescue fund SoFFin, these people said.
By unloading the risky assets from its loss-making real estate finance unit to
the government rescue fund, Commerzbank could free up 5 billion euros.

Germany is already preparing legal work to reinstate the SoFFin bank rescue
fund.

German ruling coalition sources said the question of whether Commerzbank could
be forcibly recapitalized remained open.

Commerzbank received an 18.2 billion euros bailout in 2008, and had repaid
around 14.3 billion by this summer.

Its core tier one capital ratio was 9.4 percent at the end of the third
quarter, although its definition differs from that of the EBA,[Cheap NFL
Jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/ "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org/" ), which
has demanded banks meet a core tier one ratio of 9 percent by mid-2012 in a
bid to shock-proof them against a worsening of the financial crisis.

The EBA's capital definition is more stringent because it asks banks to
revalue European sovereign debt holdings on their portfolios.

At the end of September,[coachoutlet](http://store-coachoutlet.com/ "http
://store-coachoutlet.com/" ), Commerzbank had 13 billion euros exposure to the
sovereign debt of Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain.

Banks need to inform regulators by January 20 how they will plug gaps in their
balance sheet to achieve a core Tier 1 capital ratio of 9 percent by mid-2012,
as required by the EBA.

In October,[Louis Vuitton Bags](http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/
"http://www.www.louisvuittnubags.com/" ), Commerzbank chief executive Martin
Blessing said it would not tap state rescue fund SoFFin a second time.

($1 = 0.7567 euro)

(Reporting by Kathrin Jones, Alexander Huebner, Philipp Halstrick,[jordan
shoes](http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/ "http://www.jordanshoesonline.org/"
), Edward Taylor; Editing by David Hulmes and Dan Lalor)

Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review: 2011 Q2 Global Deals
Review Inflows Outflows Related Quotes and News Company Price Related
NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * &lt;a href="<http://tkdconnected.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/652424>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://tkdconnected.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/652424>&lt;/a&gt;
  * <http://www.nusantaraportal.co.de/blogs/viewstory/204529>
  * &lt;a href="<http://srudut.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/496890>" target="_blank"&gt;<http://srudut.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/496890>&lt;/a&gt;

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=22 "Edit
section: In final lap of U.S. earnings, it's retailers' turn" )]

##  In final lap of U.S. earnings, it's retailers' turn

NEW YORK (Reuters) - If the strong earnings trend keeps up next week, black
will be back in style on the balance sheets of more of the nation's retailers.

Like other companies struggling in the recession, retailers have been cutting
costs and paring down inventories, moves likely to boost their bottom lines,
analysts said.

Moreover, restaurant companies, including Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG.N), P.F.
Chang's China Bistro Inc PFCB.O and Domino's Pizza Inc (DPZ.N) posted profits
this week that topped analysts' expectations, a potentially positive sign for
retailers.

"We've seen the retailers track the restaurant companies a little bit, and a
lot of them came out a little better than expected," said Joseph Feldman,
retail analyst with Telsey Advisory Group in New York.

"I would bet we see some upside from a lot of the retailers."

Among some of the top names reporting next week are Wal-Mart Stores Inc
(WMT.N), Macy's (M.N), Kohl's Corp (KSS.N), Nordstrom (JWN.N), Abercrombie
&amp; Fitch (ANF.N), J.C. Penney (JCP.N) and cosmetics company Estee Lauder
(EL.N), which sells its products via its own Web site in addition to its
distribution through major retailers.

If results come in ahead of current estimates, that would fall in line with
what investors have seen so far from corporate earnings.

Seventy-three percent of the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 .SPX companies' results
so far have beaten analysts' estimates -- well above the 61 percent for a
typical quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data.

S&amp;P 500 companies' second-quarter earnings are seen declining 28.3 percent
from a year ago, but that percentage has improved from a forecast for about a
36 percent drop at the start of the second-quarter reporting period, Thomson
Reuters data showed.

With reports from more than 85 percent of S&amp;P 500 companies already in,
the percentage is unlikely to change much, said John Butters, director of the
research group at Thomson Reuters.

HOPEFUL SIGNS, BUT NO PARTY

Within the S&amp;P 500,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), the consumer discretionary sector,
where retailers fit, is expected to show a 15 percent decline in earnings from
a year ago.

On Thursday, retailers reported their 11th straight month of same-store sales
declines in July. But some chain stores, including Gap Inc (GPS.N), gave
upbeat profit forecasts.

Worth noting: An S&amp;P index of retailers' shares .RLX rose 3.6 percent on
Friday following a stronger-than-expected July jobs report from the U.S.
government.

"I think you've seen the stocks relatively strong for a couple of months
now,[louis vuitton outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), and I think that's indicative of
retail comps, and that bodes well for the majority of retail earnings,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
)," said Michael James, senior trader at regional investment bank Wedbush
Morgan in Los Angeles.

But it might be too soon for investors to put on their party shoes.

James said retail stocks could sell off in spite of upbeat earnings news
because of their recent gains. In the past month, the S&amp;P Retail Index
.RLX has jumped 22.5 percent.

And signs still point to sluggish consumer demand. Last week's report on gross
domestic product showed consumer spending,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
which accounts for two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, dropped in the second
quarter after rising in the first quarter.

And even though the U.S. government's employment report on Friday showed
fewer-than-expected job cuts in July and a slight decline in the unemployment
rate, many analysts say the labor market is expected to remain weak for some
time.

"The consumer is still very cautious and it's a tough retail
environment,[cheap nfl jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" )," said Fred Dickson, market strategist at D.A.
Davidson &amp; Co. in Lake Oswego, Oregon.

"What I'm more interested in (in next week's results) is what their assessment
is on back to school and holiday order flows," he said.

The holiday period accounts for the bulk of many retailers' profits. For some
retailers, especially those that sell toys or gifts,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), holiday
sales are a make-or-break item.

(Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Additional reporting by Ryan Vlastelica;
Editing by Jan Paschal)

China Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * <http://sareddy.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1363766>
  * <http://www.flywheelsoft.com/node/7#comment-5472>
  * <http://www.qmail-ldap.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge0frter#Israel_moves_430_Palestinians_near_prisoner_swap_venue>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=23 "Edit
section: Eleven killed in Syria on eve of Arab deadline" )]

##  Eleven killed in Syria on eve of Arab deadline

AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria is seeking changes to a planned mission to monitor its
implementation of an Arab League peace initiative, the group's chief said on
Friday, on the eve of a deadline for Damascus to take steps to end months of
bloodshed.

Activists said security forces killed 11 people after weekly prayers, in the
latest violence in the crackdown on protests against President Bashar al-
Assad, which the United Nations says has killed at least 3,500 people since
March.

The Arab League has suspended Syria and set the Saturday deadline for it to
comply with the Arab peace plan, which entails a military pullout from around
restive areas, threatening sanctions unless Assad acts to halt the violence.

Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby said the organization was studying
a letter from Syria which "included amendments to the draft protocol regarding
the legal status and duties of the monitoring mission of the Arab League to
Syria."

French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said he doubted Syria would respond
positively to the Arab League initiative. But he said any international
intervention must not be unilateral and should be mandated by the United
Nations.

U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton feared the country could slide into
civil war.

"I think there could be a civil war with a very determined and well-armed and
eventually well-financed opposition that is, if not directed by, certainly
influenced by defectors from the army," she told NBC news in Indonesia, where
she was attending a regional summit.

However, she did not foresee the global community intervening in the same way
as it did in Libya. "There is no appetite for that kind of action vis-a-vis
Syria," she said, pointing to moves by the Arab League and Turkey.

WORKING WITH THE OPPOSITION

Juppe, speaking alongside Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmed Davutoglu,[gucci
outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), said France was ready to work with the
Syrian opposition and that tougher sanctions were needed on Damascus.

British Foreign Secretary William Hague will meet Syrian opposition
representatives in London next week in what officials characterized as an
intensification of contact with Assad opponents.

A Foreign Office source said Britain was "a long way off" from recognizing the
Syrian National Council or Syrian opposition groups as a government-in-waiting
or as the legitimate alternative to Assad.

"What they have to do is come together and form a coherent unified vision of
the Syria they want of the future, particularly around the transition period
and how to get there," the source said.

Sanctions already imposed by the European Union and the United States are
starting to bite: On Friday, French oil major Total said Syria had halted
payments for its oil production activities. Syria's oil exports,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
worth $400 million a month, a vital source of government earnings, have come
to a standstill.

But, at the end of a week in which army deserters attacked an intelligence
building near Damascus and waged a deadly battle with Assad's forces, Juppe
appeared to call on the opposition not to use army defectors to mount attacks.

"We are making a call to the Syrian opposition. To avoid a civil war, we hope
that the army will not be mobilized. This would be a catastrophe," Juppe said.

Hundreds of people have been killed in Syria, including civilians, army
deserters and forces loyal to Assad, since it agreed on November 2 to withdraw
troops from urban areas and release political prisoners under an Arab League
initiative.

Syria says it is trying to implement the deal but has called on neighboring
countries to do more to stem a flow of arms to the opposition and end what it
says is a media campaign of incitement against Syrian authorities.

"REAL CIVIL WAR"

On Friday activists said security forces shot dead at least 11 people and
wounded dozens when they fired to disperse protests in the cities of Deraa,
Homs, Hama and the Damascus suburb of Erbin.

Syria's state news agency said two members of the security forces were killed
and a third was seriously wounded when a bomb exploded in the province of
Hama. Two others were wounded by gunfire in Deraa, it said.

Syria has barred most independent journalists from the country,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), making it difficult to verify reports
from activists or officials. Authorities blame the violence on foreign-backed
armed groups who they say have killed 1,100 soldiers and police.

Protesters called on foreign countries to expel Syrian ambassadors in support
of the opposition.

"Whoever fears God should expel the Syrian ambassador" read a banner at a
demonstration in the southern province of Deraa, where the uprising erupted in
March.

In the eastern province of Hasaka, protesters shouted, "Why are you afraid?
God is with us!" In Homs and Hama, young men dancing arm in arm chanted "The
Free Army is our army," referring to army deserters who have waged an
escalating campaign of attacks on state targets.

Opposition sources said on Wednesday the Free Syrian Army had killed or
wounded 20 security police in an assault on an Air Force Intelligence complex
on the outskirts of Damascus,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), the first of its kind in the revolt
against Assad.

Russia,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), which opposed Western efforts to secure a
Security Council resolution condemning Syria which could have led to U.N.
sanctions on Damascus, said the raid showed that the conflict in Syria was
"similar to real civil war."

France, Britain and Germany plan to ask the U.N. General Assembly's human
rights committee to approve a resolution condemning the violence in Syria,
before putting the non-binding measure to a vote in an assembly plenary
session.

Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin called on Friday for a cautious response
from the international community.

"We are ready to work with the international community but we call for
restraint and caution," Putin told reporters, asked whether Russia will
support calls for Assad to resign or back a U.N. resolution condemning his
actions.

Meeting his French counterpart Francois Fillon in Moscow, Putin chided France
for meddling in the affairs of other nations and reiterated a warning against
military intervention.

Fillon said that faced with an increasingly "dramatic" situation in
Syria,[authentic gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), France was "more than ever
determined to take action" against a president "who has lost all legitimacy in
our eyes by firing on his own people."

Iran's ambassador to Lebanon said growing international pressure would not
topple Syria's government.

"These threats will not yield any results," Ghadanfar Roken Abadi said on
Friday. "Intensifying these threats...only increases our enthusiasm for
popular unity with Syria."

(Additional reporting by Erika Solomon and Laila Bassam in Beirut, Muriel
Boselli in Paris, Alissa de Carbonnel in Moscow and Tim Castle in London;
Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Andrew Roche and Matthew Jones)

World Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * <http://willsocial.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1221854>
  * <http://www.qmail-ldap.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge0frter#World_lacks_enough_food.2C_fuel_as_population_soars__U.N.>
  * <http://www.rollandgregg.com/node/4#comment-2875>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=24 "Edit
section: Egyptians extend protest, dismiss army, PM pledges" )]

##  Egyptians extend protest, dismiss army, PM pledges

CAIRO (Reuters) - More than 1,000 Egyptians extended a protest in central
Cairo to a fifth day on Tuesday after dismissing the prime minister's pledge
to reshuffle the cabinet as falling short of demands for swifter reforms.

An army statement repeating its commitment to hand power to civilians after
the transition and backing the prime minister in his work also drew criticism
for offering nothing new.

"The military council is following the same policies as the ousted
regime,[cheap nfl jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" )," said Mohamed Abdel Waged, 43,[authentic
gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), a teacher who has camped for several
nights in Cairo's Tahrir Square.

Egyptians have been protesting since Friday in Tahrir, the heart of Egypt's
uprising that toppled former President Hosni Mubarak in February. They have
also gathered in coastal cities of Alexandria and Suez.

Friday's demonstration included tens of thousands. Activists have urged more
protesters to join in later on Tuesday.

The protests and threat of escalation has hit the Egyptian stock market, where
the benchmark index was down 3.4 percent in the middle of Tuesday's trading
session.

Prime Minister Essam Sharaf promised on Monday to reshuffle his cabinet in a
week, aiming to placate protesters who say the government and the military
rulers have not delivered on demands for reforms and have been slow to try
Mubarak and his allies.

The army issued a statement read on television repeating its pledge to hand
power back to civilians after elections and pledging its "continuing support
for the prime minister assuming all powers given by the constitution and
laws."

It also said it remained committed to dialogue with political groups and
activists.

ALEXANDRIA

Dozens of demonstrators in Alexandria, where protests have also been staged,
chanted slogans against Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, who was
Mubarak's defense minister for two decades and now leads the military council.

"Field Marshal,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), why are you afraid of a purge,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
)," they chanted, while others said: "Sharaf, Sharaf go resign and kiss the
Field Marshal's hands."

Mohamed Adel,[louis vuitton outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), a protester in Cairo's Tahrir and a
senior leader in Egypt's April Six Youth group, dismissed Sharaf's statements
for lacking guarantees of change or detail.

"The prime minister did not say which ministers will leave or who will replace
them," he said.

"We still ask for an end to the trying of civilians in military courts and the
independence of the judiciary system and those demands have not yet been
met,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/"
)," Adel said, adding that protesters wanted to army promise to implement
demands.

Sharaf had earlier asked Interior Minister Mansour el-Essawy to speed up
measures to restore security in Egypt, reshuffle provincial governors to meets
public aspirations and asked judges to make the former officials' trials
public.

The Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's most organized political group, that joined
Friday's protest said it would not continue.

"The group has suspended its participation after Friday but I think it will
issue a statement later today or tomorrow explaining its reaction to the prime
minister's speech," said Walid Shalaby, the group's media coordinator.

(Writing by Yasmine Saleh; Editing by Edmund Blair)

World EgyptRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://jcow.weareexpats.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/119953>
  * <http://sareddy.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/1389818>
  * <http://scread.webege.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/12440>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=25 "Edit
section: Tanks deploy in main city in eastern Syria" )]

##  Tanks deploy in main city in eastern Syria

AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian army tanks deployed in the eastern city of Deir al-
Zor on Saturday to support forces and militiamen loyal to President Bashar al-
Assad who came under rebel attack after three pro-democracy demonstrators were
killed, opposition activists said.

"Old Russian T-54 tanks and armoured vehicles have taken positions at main
roundabouts. Every half an hour or so you hear gunfire by the Free Syrian Army
directed at roadblocks manned by security police and 'shabbiha' (pro-Assad
militia)," Abu Abdel Rahman,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), one of the activists,[cheap nfl
jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), told
Reuters from Deir al-Zor.

The city, 450 km (280 miles) northeast of Damascus, is situated on the
Euphrates river in an oil producing province bordering Iraq,[gucci outlet
online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/"
), from where opposition sources say weapons are smuggled to rebels operating
under the flag of the loosely organised Free Syrian Army.

Opposition sources say Free Syrian Army rebels in Deir al-Zor have been arming
and organising in the last two months as Assad's main forces were focused on
trying to put down the revolt on the central city of Homs and its surrounding
countryside.

"There are now ten Free Syrian Army brigades operating in Deir al-Zor and more
weapons flowing from Iraq, but the rebels' organisation is still lacking and
security forces retain control on the city in daytime. At night the ground
belongs to the rebels," Abu Abdelrahman said.

Controlling the Sunni city would poise another major challenge for
Assad,[louis vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/
"http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/" ), a member of Syria's minority Alawite
sect, an offshoot of Islam that has dominated Syria for the last five decades
by taking control of the army and security apparatus and then forging
alliances under Assad's father, the late President Hafez al-Assad,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
with Sunni merchants and tribes.

Deir al-Zor,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), situated deep in Syria's tribal
heartland, is far from central supply lines and its inhabitants have strong
links with kinsmen in Iraq's Sunni heartland.

Tanks stormed the city in August to put down large street protests demanding
Assad's removal, and have since stayed on the edge of the city.

Syrian forces killed three young men Deir al-Zor earlier on Saturday when they
opened fire at a funeral for two people killed in a crackdown on expanding
pro-democracy demonstrations in the region, opposition activists said.

"The funeral was in al-Ommal neighbourhood for Amira al-Salem and Omar
a-Juneidi, who were killed on Friday. The mourners began chanting against
Assad when the 'amin' (security police) started shooting from a hilltop," said
activist Abdallah Mahmoud.

(Reporting by Khaled Yacoub Oweis, Amman newsroom)

World Syria Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge0erter#China.27s_Hu_lauds_military_promotion_for_young_Kim>
  * <http://www.jfb.hu/node/52683>
  * <http://loveacougarforwildlife.com/blogs/entry/IMF-s-Lagarde-says-ECB-has-room-to-cut-rates-paper>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=26 "Edit
section: Serbia wins qualified EU invite, Turkey criticized" )]

##  Serbia wins qualified EU invite, Turkey criticized

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission recommended on Wednesday that
Serbia become a candidate to join the European Union as a reward for
democratic reforms and the capture of war crimes fugitives, but expressed
concern that Turkey's membership drive had stalled.

In its annual report on countries lining up to join the EU, the EU executive
said Serbia's new status was conditional on it resuming talks on practical
cooperation with its former breakaway province Kosovo. The talks broke down in
September.

"I recommend granting Serbia candidate status on the understanding that Serbia
re-engages in the dialogue with Kosovo and is moving swiftly to the
implementation in good faith of agreements reached to date," EU Enlargement
Commissioner Stefan Fuele said in a speech in Brussels.

In another positive signal for the western Balkans, where years of bloody
conflict has delayed democratic transformation, the EU executive also
recommended on Wednesday the bloc starts entry talks with tiny ex-Yugoslav
state Montenegro, in recognition of its efforts to combat organized crime.

Serbia has satisfied one of the main demands of the European Union for
membership by catching fugitives wanted for crimes during the Balkan wars of
the 1990s, including Ratko Mladic the former Bosnian Serb military commander
who was on the run for 16 years until he was caught in May this year.

But its relations with Kosovo remain a sticking point. Belgrade lost control
over Kosovo in 1999, when a NATO bombing campaign halted a Serb counter-
insurgency war against ethnic Albanian rebels. With Western backing, Pristina
declared independence in 2008, a move Serbia refuses to recognize.

Tensions have worsened in recent weeks over border and trade disputes that led
to clashes in which one policeman died and dozens of NATO peacekeepers and
Serb protesters were injured.

EU envoys have pushed the two sides this week to resume talks but no date for
a new round was set, diplomats said.

Relations with Serbia and Kosovo are also a divisive issue in the EU, where
five EU members refuse to recognize Pristina's independence.

Some EU capitals,[cheap nfl jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), led by EU powerbroker Germany, say Serbia
needs to do more to earn EU approval and will be reluctant to approve the
Commission's recommendation if talks between the two do not resume. Others
worry about leaving Kosovo behind.

In a nod to Kosovo's supporters,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), the Commission said it would speed up work on lifting visa restrictions for
Kosovars.

The Serb government welcomed the Commission's decision on its status and said
democratic reforms would continue.

"Of course, this is not the end. We must continue with implementation and
reforms,[burberry outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), but this is a very significant day for
Serbia," Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic said in Belgrade.

JUGGLING TURKEY

In the same report, the Commission criticized Turkey,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), the largest of EU candidates, for not
doing enough to normalize relations with EU member Cyprus. In a reference to a
recent spat over gas drilling rights in the eastern Mediterranean, it told
Ankara to avoid threats that could further damage ties.

Fuele said both Brussels and Ankara were frustrated by the lack of progress in
Turkey's EU accession, which is caused in part by opposition from Cyprus as
well as by French and German reluctance to admit the largely Muslim state.

"Regrettably, accession negotiations have not moved forward for more than one
year. There are frustrations about this on both sides," he said, adding that
the EU should work out ways to keep Ankara engaged.

"These (frustrations) should not blind us from the importance of our
relationship, or the underlying fundamentals, which remain good. I believe it
is time to work for a renewed positive agenda in EU-Turkey relations."

European policymakers are concerned about losing influence with Turkey at a
time when Ankara's clout is rising in the Middle East and North Africa, where
popular revolts this year have created uncertainty over future alliances.

Turkey also oversees important energy corridors from Asia to Europe,[gucci
outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" ), and wields significant influence over
whether illegal migrants from Africa can reach Europe.

Addressing overall ambivalence toward enlargement that has spread through
large parts of Europe, the Commission said the pace of talks will be
increasingly dependent on progress of democratic reforms and efforts to curb
corruption and support freedom of expressions in candidate states.

The EU sees serious efforts to combat graft and crime, which are rife in the
western Balkans, a region of more than 20 million people,[gucci
outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/ "http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), as a
vital part of their EU preparations.

(Additional reporting by Matt Robinson in Belgrade; Reporting by Justyna
Pawlak; editing by Rex Merrifield)

WorldRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.etechworld.org/ads/u-s-adds-formaldehyde-to-list-of-carcinogens/>
  * <http://www.nusantaraportal.co.de/blogs/viewstory/221862>
  * <http://socialaftermarket.com/blogs/viewstory/48643>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=27 "Edit
section: Strauss-Kahn should stay out of French race  poll" )]

##  Strauss-Kahn should stay out of French race poll

PARIS (Reuters) - A majority of French think former IMF chief Dominique
Strauss-Kahn should not get involved in the 2012 presidential election
following his return to France after a sex-assault scandal in the United
States,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), a poll showed on Sunday.

The veteran Socialist politician had been seen as the clear favorite to
challenge center-right incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy before his arrest in mid-May
on charges of attempted rape of a hotel maid,[cheap nfl
jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), which
were dropped in August.

According to a poll by TNS Sofres,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), 63 per cent of French believe Strauss-Kahn should stay out of the election
campaign. The former IMF chief still faces a civil case in New York as well as
an accusation of attempted rape from a French writer,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), Tristane Banon, 30 years his junior.

French views of the Socialist party do not appear to have been dented by the
scandal,[authentic gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), however. The same survey said 76
percent of those polled said the case had had no impact on the image of the
party,[gucci shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ), which next month is to hold a primary
vote to pick its official candidate for the 2012 race.

(Reporting By Patrick Vignal; Writing by Lionel Laurent)

World Dominique Strauss-KahnRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.blogopenads.com/ads/egypts-new-pm-says-seeks-to-form-cabinet-by-weeke/>
  * <http://planetnarcolepsy.com/ererge6erter/2012/09/04/factbox-aig-sells-unit-for-2-2-bill-to-new-fund-small-company/>
  * <http://www.careultimate.com/node/44348>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=28 "Edit
section: Lawmakers question Medicare payment contractors" )]

##  Lawmakers question Medicare payment contractors

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. senators on Tuesday expressed concern
that companies hired to help pay and oversee medical claims under the Medicare
health insurance program may have costly conflicts of interest.

Subsidiaries of WellPoint Inc,[authentic gucci
outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), Hewlett Packard Co's EDS Corp., now
called HP Enterprise Services, and other companies have "numerous
relationships" that raise concern, the lawmakers' staff wrote in memo released
on Tuesday.

Congressional staffers said they looked at those and several other Medicare
contractors hired by the government to monitor the bills that doctors and
other healthcare providers send the government after treating Medicare
patients.

The staffers said some companies had "clear financial relationships" such as
being a subsidiary of another company charged with actually paying out a claim
and processing it.

HP Enterprise Services spokeswoman Ericka Floyd told Reuters its subsidiaries
had no conflict of interest and "have different scopes of work that do not
overlap."

WellPoint spokeswoman Kristin Binns said the company "is confident that it is
fully compliant" with Medicare's conflict of interest rules.

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, an agency of the Department of
Health and Human Services,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), oversees Medicare, the federal
program that provides health insurance to about 47 million elderly and
disabled Americans. It uses private companies for a range of activities from
billing services to drug benefits.

"We need a thorough examination of relationships between the contractors
paying Medicare claims and their related corporate entities in charge of
overseeing those same payments to make sure taxpayer dollars aren't being
wasted," Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus said in a statement.

CONGRESS HOLDS HEARINGS

The staffers' findings come as both houses of Congress this week prepare to
look at healthcare waste and fraud.

On Wednesday, the Senate Finance Committee, the House of Representatives
Energy and Commerce Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee all plan
to question Obama administration officials and others about Medicare and
Medicaid fraud as well as abuse affecting private insurers. Medicaid is the
state-federal health insurance program for the poor.

Overall,[louis vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/
"http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/" ), incorrectly overpaying healthcare
providers is estimated to cost the federal government nearly $50 billion a
year while abuse costs about $60 billion,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
according to the staff findings.

Such lost revenue is a major concern for lawmakers struggling to pass the
federal government's budget while grappling with a soaring deficit.

Lawmakers of both parties and the Obama administration have pointed to curbing
financial waste as one way to save the government billions of dollars.

Along with Senators Tom Carper and Claire McCaskill, who chair subcommittees
on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Baucus is asking
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' inspector general to
investigate.

If there are conflicts,[cheap nfl jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), that does not necessarily mean the companies
are engaged in fraud or waste, the lawmakers' staff said in their memo. But
even if they are not,[gucci outlet](http://www.outletsbags.org/
"http://www.outletsbags.org/" ), it could still lead to the appearance of a
problem, they added.

(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Trott)

Politics Health Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated
Theme Articles:

  * <http://iweed.info/blogs/viewstory/52452>
  * <http://lifecycle.kimbol.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/331397>
  * <http://www.straighttodessert.co.uk/blogs/entry/Williams-Sonoma-profit-tops-view-losses-seen>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=29 "Edit
section: NYSE says Knight to resume market maker duties" )]

##  NYSE says Knight to resume market maker duties

NEW YORK (Reuters) - NYSE Euronext (NYX.N) said on Tuesday that Knight Capital
Group (KCG.N) would resume its responsibilities as a designated market maker
on the New York Stock Exchange next Monday.

NYSE had temporarily reassigned Knight's designated market maker
responsibilities to market maker Getco on Monday while Knight finalized a $400
million recapitalization plan after a technical glitch last week caused a
massive trading loss that nearly sank the firm.

Getco,[authentic gucci outlet](http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/
"http://www.authenticguccioutlet.org/" ), along with Jefferies Group Inc
(JEF.N),[louis vuitton outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N),[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), and financial services companies TD Ameritrade Holding Corp (AMTD.N),[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
Stifel Nicolaus (SF.N) and Stephens Inc,[cheap nfl
jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org "http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), provided
the emergency financing on Monday. The investor group will now own 73 percent
of Knight.

Market makers buy and sell shares for clients and provide liquidity to equity
markets by stepping in to buy and sell stocks,[burberry
outlet](http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/
"http://www.2012burberryoutlet.net/" ), using their own capital to ensure
orderly activity.

(Reporting By John McCrank; Editing by Kenneth Barry)

Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.newmeetingpoint.com/blogs/posts/ererge3xrter>
  * <http://123erode.com/ads/prosecutors-target-cruise-ship-captain-costa-exec/>
  * <http://www.postfreeclassifiedadsonline.com/ads/european-shares-flat-as-sap-gains-on-oracle-result/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=30 "Edit
section: U.S. Treasury confirms $6 billion disbursed for GMAC" )]

##  U.S. Treasury confirms $6 billion disbursed for GMAC

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department confirmed on Wednesday
that it disbursed $6 billion in funds to support automotive finance company
GMAC LLC.,[gucci outlet online](http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/
"http://www.onlineguccioutlet.net/" )

In a transaction report,[cheap nfl jerseys](http://www.jerseyoutlet.org
"http://www.jerseyoutlet.org" ), the Treasury said on December 29 it purchased
$5 billion in preferred stock directly in GMAC,[gucci
shoes](http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/ "http://www.shoesguccioutlet.net/" ),
also receiving equity warrants in the transaction.

The Treasury also said it disbursed a $1 billion loan to automaker General
Motors Corp. (GM.N) to help it purchase equity in support of GMAC's conversion
to a bank holding company.

Prior to the conversion and a debt-for-equity swap,[louis
vuitton](http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/ "http://www.bestlouisvuitton.org/"
), GMAC was 51 percent owned by private equity firm Cerberus CBS.UL and 49
percent by GM.

GM and GMAC Tuesday announced programs to expand lending to more buyers to
help support sales of more cares and trucks.

(Reporting by David Lawder,[louis vuitton
outlet](http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/
"http://www.authenticoutletbags.com/" ), Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)

Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://lis490it.sunahsuh.com/node/3#comment-5355>
  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Ererge6mrter#Insight__ECB_preparing_to_close_liquidity_floodgates>
  * <http://peerconduit.com/blogs/entry/Instant-View-Japan-Q4-GDP-revised-up-to-0-2-percent-quarter-quarter>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=31 "Edit
section: Q+A  What's on the agenda at Asia-Pacific security meeting" )]

##  Q+A What's on the agenda at Asia-Pacific security meeting

BANGKOK (Reuters) - The Thai resort island of Phuket will host Asia's biggest
security gathering, the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF), alongside a meeting of
Southeast Asian foreign ministers from this weekend until July 23.

WHAT IS ARF?

The ARF was created in 1994 with a focus on security and the peaceful
resolution of conflicts. Besides most Asian countries, the European Union,
Russia and the United States also take part in meetings.

HOW WILL NORTH KOREA FIGURE IN TALKS?

Thai officials say North Korea, which has sent its foreign minister to
previous ARF meetings,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), will this time send a low-level delegation. It is highly unlikely those
officials would engage in talks about anything of substance, assuming they
show up. Washington and other powers want North Korea to return to six-party
talks aimed at dismantling its nuclear program. North Korea has said those
talks were dead. With the other five players -- the United States, China,
Japan, South Korea and Russia -- attending ARF there has been speculation of a
gathering on the sidelines about North Korea. But Beijing is against this
idea, said a South Korean official with knowledge of the issue.

WILL AUSTRALIA PRESS CHINA OVER DETAINED RIO TINTO

EMPLOYEES?

The Phuket meeting could provide an opportunity for talks between the foreign
ministers of China and Australia on Beijing's detention of an Australian
executive working for Rio Tinto on spying charges. Three of his Chinese
colleagues are also held.

WILL ACTION BE TAKEN ON MYANMAR?

Expect strong words from the United States and European Union over military-
ruled Myanmar's trial of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi. And expect no
response from Myanmar's foreign minister. The generals snubbed U.N. Secretary-
General Ban Ki-moon on a visit this month and they are unlikely to budge this
week. Myanmar is likely to be spared a grilling by its Southeast Asian
neighbors because of ASEAN's policy of non-interference. ASEAN ministers may
make positive noises about this week's pledge by the Myanmar regime to free an
undisclosed number of prisoners ahead of elections next year.

WHAT ABOUT SECURITY IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA?

China's growing economic clout make it an important participant in ASEAN
meetings, but tensions persist over competing claims in the South China Sea.
China says there is no dispute over its jurisdiction over a series of tiny
islands and atolls. China's flexing of its maritime military muscle has also
prompted concern from the United States,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), whose ships have been jostled by
Chinese vessels several times in recent months. With most of the concerned
parties present in Phuket, there may be scope for talks on how to reduce
tensions in the South China Sea.

IS CLIMATE CHANGE ON THE AGENDA?

The issue is set to be discussed, although officials say it is not yet known
what will be raised or if any specific requests for talks had been made. So it
looks unlikely that any declarations will be made this week.

CAN THAILAND KEEP ANTI-GOVERNMENT PROTESTERS AT BAY?

After the anti-government "red shirts" embarrassed Thailand by forcing the
cancellation of April's East Asia Summit,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva
has taken no chances with security. Close to 10,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),000
troops and hundreds of police will enforce a no-protest zone in Phuket. They
will carry out security sweeps at vehicle checkpoints and in hotels to root
out members of the red-shirted United Front for Democracy Against
Dictatorship, although it insists it will not try to disrupt the meeting. A
peaceful meeting would help boost the credibility of Abhisit.

WHAT ABOUT ASEAN'S HUMAN RIGHTS MECHANISM?

Working groups and foreign ministers will discuss the formation of a Human
Rights Mechanism on Sunday as part of the ASEAN Charter,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), but recent
developments in Myanmar have been a major setback for the credibility of the
10-member bloc.

(Compiled by Martin Petty in Bangkok, Ben Blanchard in
Beijing,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), Michael Perry
in Sydney and Jon Herskovitz in Seoul; Editing by Alan Raybould)

China Russia Australia Japan South Korea North KoreaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Ererge0qrter#Japan_exports_disappoint.2C_could_weaken_further>
  * <http://www.chatmessageboard.com/showthread.php?p=664621#post664621>
  * <http://www.openideaswiki.com/index.php/User:Ererge2urter#Eastern_Japan_hit_with_magnitude_5.2_earthquake>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=32 "Edit
section: Judge denies AIG motion in BofA $8.5 billion settlement" )]

##  Judge denies AIG motion in BofA $8.5 billion settlement

NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York judge on Tuesday rejected an effort by
American International Group Inc (AIG.N) and other objectors to Bank of
America Corp's (BAC.N) proposed $8.5 billion mortgage bond settlement to
convert the case to a proceeding that may have widened its scope.

New York state Supreme Court Justice Barbara Kapnick, who must decide whether
to approve the settlement, denied the motion by AIG and other groups of
investors to turn the limited proceeding known as an Article 77 into a broader
inquiry known as a plenary action.

Kapnick said at a hearing on Tuesday that she could accomplish what was
necessary under Article 77.

"I really think I have a lot of discretion," she said.

An Article 77 is a special proceeding, limited in scope,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), that generally is used in run-of-
the-mill trust matters. Objectors to the settlement wanted to transform the
case into a plenary action for a full hearing.

The settlement would resolve claims from investors in mortgage bonds issued by
Countrywide Financial Corp, which was purchased in 2008 by Bank of America.

BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), MetLife Inc (MET.N) and Allianz SE's (ALVG.DE) Pacific
Investment Management Co are among 22 institutional investors who agreed to
the accord. Other investors have complained the payout is too low.

In a statement, AIG said it intervened "to ensure that it and other investors
have adequate information to assess Bank of America's settlement."

AIG said it looked forward "to the opportunity to examine the facts and to
assess whether Bank of New York has endorsed a deal that unreasonably benefits
Bank of America or whether it appropriately compensates investors who were
harmed by Countrywide."

'POSITIVE STEP'

Kathy Patrick,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), an attorney for the institutional
investors, viewed the judge's decision as a positive step.

"She confirmed the trustee was entitled to proceed under Article 77, which is
a summary, expedited form of proceeding," Patrick said after the hearing.

John Moon, an attorney for entities known as Triaxx, which hold unpaid
principal of over $2 billion in notes, was not dissuaded by the judge's
decision to reject the motion he joined in bringing.

"Whether it's an Article 77 or a plenary action,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" )," said Moon, "I view it as winning the
battle because the judge implied there would be adequate disclosure of the
facts surrounding the settlement."

Kevin Heine, a spokesman for Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N), declined comment.

The judge asked the parties to work out proposals for providing documents.
Objectors to the proposed settlement want wide discovery,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), while the trustee wants less.

"Everybody's going to get part of what they want," Kapnick said.

Kapnick also heard arguments on whether to allow the attorneys general of New
York and Delaware to intervene in the case. She made no decision on that.

AIG, which has said Bank of America is "drastically underpaying,[sacs Louis
Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," is one of two big objectors to
the settlement. Baupost Group,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), a Boston-based hedge fund run by Seth Klarman,
operating under the name Walnut Place LLC, is the other. A handful of Federal
Home Loan Banks are among those seeking broader scrutiny of the deal.

BNY Mellon, acting as trustee for the investors, has said it decided the
settlement was in the best interest of the trusts. It believes the judge's
approval should be based on whether the trustee's decision was within its
reasonable discretion.

The case is In the application of the Bank of New York Mellon, 651786-2011,
New York state Supreme Court (New York County."

(Editing by Andre Grenon and Muralikumar Anantharaman)

Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Ererge6vrter#Sri_Lanka_lifts_tsunami_warning>
  * <http://www.3dchessfederation.com/index.php/User:Ererge6prter#Ruling_casts_doubt_on_expanding_healthcare_for_the_poor>
  * <http://tagpostings.com/story.php?title=hogan-scarpe-3>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=33 "Edit
section: Strong quake hits eastern Japan, Tokyo buildings shake" )]

##  Strong quake hits eastern Japan, Tokyo buildings shake

TOKYO (Reuters) - A 6.0 magnitude quake hit eastern Japan on
Wednesday,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), NHK said,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), and buildings shook in the capital,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), Tokyo.

There were no immediate reports of damage.

World Japan Related Quotes and News Company Price Related NewsRelated Theme
Articles:

  * <http://nurugel.org/index.php/User:Ererge6vrter#World_Bank_chief__Citizens_need_voice_in_Arab_world>
  * <http://ko.dbpedia.org/wiki/index.php/User:Ererge0erter#Lower_trade_gap_boosts_growth.2C_but_jobs_weak>
  * <http://www.iemu.org/index.php/User:Ererge6mrter#U.S._asked_France_to_join_it_for_possible_oil_release>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=34 "Edit
section: Wal-Mart, Casino advance in Matahari unit sale  sources" )]

##  Wal-Mart, Casino advance in Matahari unit sale sources

HONG KONG/JAKARTA (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), Casino Guichard-
Perrachon SA (CASP.PA) and South Korea's Lotte Shopping Co Ltd (023530.KS)
have advanced to the next round of bidding for Indonesian retailer Matahari
Putra Prima PT's (MPPA.JK) $1 billion sale of its hypermarket business,
sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.

The auction comes on the heels of Carrefour SA's (CARR.PA) sale of its outlets
in Thailand,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), which brought the French retailer a
higher-than-expected $1.2 billion including debt.

Matahari's sale had drawn interest from private equity group Carlyle Group
CYL.UL, but sources said the buyout group did not make it to the second round.
South Korea's Shinsegae Co Ltd (004170.KS) had also expressed interest, but it
was not clear whether it was still in the running.

International retailers are jockeying for position in emerging markets as they
look for sources of growth outside maturing U.S. and western European
markets,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), although the cost of competing is often
too much to justify widespread expansion.

Matahari is selling Hypermart,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), Indonesia's second-biggest
hypermarket chain after PT Carrefour Indonesia, to focus on its core
healthcare and property assets.

Shortlisted parties had been asked to submit next-round bids next month, a
source said.

All companies mentioned in this report declined to comment.

Sources were not authorized to speak to media about the auction as the sale
process is confidential.

The sale is a seen as good opportunity to raise exposure in Indonesia's retail
sector, as a healthy economy, forecast to grow 6.0-6.2 percent this year, and
a booming stock market lift consumption in Southeast Asia's biggest economy.

It also comes just a few months after Matahari agreed to sell a 90.76 percent
stake in retail unit Matahari Department Store to a joint venture with private
equity group CVC Partners CVC.UL for $770 million.

Carrefour had put the sale of its Malaysian and Singapore assets on hold after
bids fell short of expectations,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), sources told Reuters.

(Reporting by Denny Thomas in Hong Kong,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), Saeed Azhar in Singapore and Janeman Latul in
Jakarta)

(Additional reporting by Brad Dorfman,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), Vidalon Dominique)

(Editing by Chris Lewis)

Deals Global Deals Review: 2011 Q3 Global Deals Review: 2011 Q2 Global Deals
Review Inflows Outflows Indonesia South Korea Related Quotes and News Company
Price Related NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.spotad.in/ads/disneys-iger-to-leave-ceo-post-in-2015/>
  * <http://freeforallclassified.com/ads/analysis-eurogroup-chief-vexes-partners-as-crisis/>
  * <http://www.adswr.co.uk/ads/protest-erupts-in-syrias-homs-despite-new-law/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=35 "Edit
section: Exclusive  Greek finance minister unaware of referendum plan" )]

##  Exclusive Greek finance minister unaware of referendum plan

ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou had not informed his
Finance Minister,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-
louis-vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), Evangelos Venizelos, he was going to announce a
referendum on the latest EU aid deal,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), a Greek government official said on Tuesday.

"Venizelos had no idea about the referendum. All he knew about was the vote of
confidence," a government official told Reuters on condition of anonymity. "He
told Papandreou he should inform foreign partners and a letter was drafted in
the early morning hours."

Venizelos,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), who is leading talks with the EU, the IMF and banks on
the country's bailout and debt swap deals,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), spoke on the phone with top
officials on Tuesday,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), a day after the announcement, a
finance ministry official said.

"Venizelos spoke with (German Finance Minister Wolfgang) Schaeuble,[Sito
Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), (IIF head
Josef) Ackermann, (EU Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli) Rehn, (IMF mission
chief for Greece Poul) Thomsen in an effort to save the sixth aid installment,
the PSI and the bailout deal as a whole," said a finance ministry official who
requested anonymity.

(Reporting by Dina Kyriakidou; Writing by Ingrid Melander)

WorldRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.classifiedsadded.com/ads/analysis-new-law-on-bp-spill-fines-raises-stakes/>
  * <http://www.ads-anuncios.net/ads/yemens-saleh-injuries-believed-more-serious/>
  * <http://fleedle.com/index.php?do=/ererge0rrter/blog/instant-view-ibm-results-outlook-beat-expectations/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=36 "Edit
section: U.N. boss uses 9 11 to call for global anti-terror treaty" )]

##  U.N. boss uses 9 11 to call for global anti-terror treaty

CANBERRA (Reuters) - U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon has used the approaching 10th
anniversary of September 11 attacks on the United States to renew his call for
a global counter-terrorism treaty,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), which has been thwarted for a
decade amid arguments over what constitutes terrorism.

The U.N. has more than 13 separate treaties which cover terrorism, terror
financing, hijacking and weapons of mass destruction, but wants a global
convention to unite all aspects of counter terrorism and provide new impetus
to combat threats.

"Our goal is to have a comprehensive convention dealing with the whole of
international terrorism," Ban told a briefing on a visit to Australia,[Sacs
Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), two days
before the anniversary of the al Qaeda-masterminded attacks that killed about
3,000 people.

"Regrettably, this has not come to this day. There has been some disagreement
among member states," he added on the last day of his trip, which also took in
New Zealand and South Pacific.

India is a strong supporter of the global treaty, but disagreements in the
Middle East about what organizations can be deemed terror organizations have
long scuttled any agreement.

Instead,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), the United Nations in 2001 set
up a Counter Terrorism Committee, made up of members of the U.N. Security
Council, which oversees global efforts to fight terrorism. In 2005 the
Security Council adopted a resolution to urge member states to deny safe haven
for anyone planning acts of terrorism.

Ban, however,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), said last month's bombing of a U.N. building in
Nigeria showed that threats remained, despite global efforts.

The car bomb attack killed 23 people and injured 80.

"My position is that terrorism cannot be justified under any circumstances.
For whatever justifications, this must be stopped," Ban said.

He said he had vivid memories of the 2001 attacks on the United States,[Sac
Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), which forced the evacuation of U.N.
headquarters and prompted him to draft an emergency resolution. At the time,
he was the chief of the U.N. cabinet.

"It was quite a chaotic situation for the United Nations," he said, adding the
General Assembly had re-convened within 24 hours of the attacks.

"The first thing we did,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), and I
initiated, was to work up the strongest possible resolution on the terror
attacks. This condemned the terrorist attack in the strongest possible terms.

I feel proud to have been part of this effort."

Ban left Australia on Friday to return to New York, where he will take part in
events to mark the anniversary and remember the victims of the attacks.

(Editing by Mark Bendeich)

World United Nations Osama bin LadenRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://mysocial.altervista.org/activity/p/75165/>
  * <http://atozscan.com/story.php?title=sacs-louis-vuitton-5>
  * <http://myanmarlists.com/ads/protestants-on-the-rise-as-pope-visits-mexico/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=37 "Edit
section: Greek PM softens referendum stance" )]

##  Greek PM softens referendum stance

ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou on Thursday offered
to hold talks with the opposition to resolve the country's political crisis
and softened his stance on a referendum on the country's vital bailout
package.,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )

In a speech to his cabinet on Thursday,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), Papandreou said he would assign
the task of discussions with the opposition to two senior party members and
praised their support of the bailout deal. If the opposition agreed to back
the deal in parliament,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), no referendum would have to be held,
he said.

"I will be glad even if we don't go to a referendum,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), which was never a purpose in
itself. I'm glad that all this discussion has at least brought a lot of people
back to their senses,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" )," he said in the text of his speech
released to media.

"I will talk to (opposition leader Antonis) Samaras so that we examine the
next steps on the basis of a wider consensus."

He reiterated that Greece's euro zone membership was not in question and that
heading to elections immediately would entail a big risk of the country going
bankrupt.

(Reporting by Harry Papachristou and Renee Maltezou,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), writing by Deepa Babington)

WorldRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://rimsology.com/activity/p/15733/>
  * <http://www.yeznet.com/blogs/posts/ererge8arter>
  * <http://wikiwhy.com/index.php/User:Ererge0hrter#Dollar_jumps.2C_oil_rebounds_on_big_U.S._jobs_gain>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=38 "Edit
section: Geithner  Europe can absorb debt crisis costs" )]

##  Geithner Europe can absorb debt crisis costs

MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on
Friday that Europe must make every effort to show that it has the political
will to support weaker euro area states as they pursue financial reforms.

Interviewed on Bloomberg Television in Marseille before attending a meeting of
finance chiefs from Group of Seven industrial powers, he said European
countries struggling with debt problems need "unequivocal" financial support
from stronger states.

"It is completely within the capacity of the stronger members of the euro area
to absorb those costs. Those costs would be much,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), much greater for them and their
economies if they sit here and do nothing and they recognize that," Geithner
said. "So this is a good sensible financial calculation for them."

His comments fit with a theme that U.S. policymakers have struck in the build-
up to the two-day G7 gathering of finance ministers and central bank chiefs,
urging Europe to come to grips decisively with the debt issues afflicting
countries like Greece so that they don't spread to other nations.

Geithner cautioned that financial markets should not have excessive
expectations for the Marseille meeting, though he said all its members --
Britain, Canada, France, Germany,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), Italy,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), Japan and the United States -- want to act wherever
they can to counter a global slowdown in growth.

RECALIBRATE, BUT GRADUALLY

"(Governments) are going to recalibrate and decide where they have room to
look for things to do that can help strengthen growth and that's going to come
gradually over time but I don't think you should expect any dramatic change in
signals (from this G7 meeting),[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," he said,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),
asked about potential new directions.

He added,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), "What we're keen to do is explore ways
we can help the Europeans get ahead of this (debt) problem ... we're spending
a lot of time trying to help them think through how best to manage this."

President Barack Obama proposed a $447-billion job-creating program on
Thursday night and Geithner promoted it on Friday as a potentially powerful
stimulant for the U.S. economy, which in turn would benefit the rest of the
world.

"If Congress were to act on this bill, it would have a substantial powerful
effect on strengthening the economy that has slowed quite a bit and that would
translate into hundreds of thousands of jobs for American workers at a time
when we need that," Geithner told National Public Radio from Marseille.

Though the G7 is no longer regarded as the premier forum for setting economic
policy, having yielded that place to the larger Group of 20 which includes key
emerging-market countries like China, its members still share common interests
and consult constantly on global conditions.

A sense of heightened urgency hung over the Marseille talks about the
necessity for finding ways to invigorate a struggling global recovery and ward
off fears of renewed recession.

But officials noted the G7 gathering is one in a series scheduled for coming
months, including one later in September among finance chiefs on the sidelines
of the semi-annual gathering in Washington of the International Monetary Fund
and World Bank.

G20 finance ministers will also meet in Paris on Oct 14-15, providing another
opportunity to seek better policy coordination. For the moment, Geithner said
Europe needs to act to calm fears that its debt problems could become
uncontrolled.

"It's absolutely in the interests of the United States and the Europeans to do
whatever they can to ... calm the pressure down that's now spreading across
Europe," he said.

(Additional reporting by David Lawder in Washington; editing by Patrick
Graham)

MoneyRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://linksutra.in/igenpreet/node/265381>
  * <http://www.wowgames.net.au/node/1606>
  * <http://jutkhmer.com/activity/p/290072/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=39 "Edit
section: North Korea says wants more talks with U.S." )]

##  North Korea says wants more talks with U.S.

SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea wants to hold a second round of dialogue with
the United States, possibly next month, as part of renewed efforts to restart
talks on disabling the North's nuclear weapons program, a South Korean
official said on Thursday.

In a sign that the long-stalled regional talks are now firmly back in the
picture,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/"
), foreign ministry spokesman Cho Byung-jae told reporters in Seoul that the
two Koreas were closing in on agreement to reconvene the forum.

As part of the process to restart six-party talks involving the two Koreas,
the United States,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), China, Japan and Russia,
officials expect shuttle diplomacy to pick up.

The South's nuclear envoy met his Chinese counterpart in Beijing on Thursday
and urged him to persuade the North to halt its nuclear activities to allow
for the resumption of the talks, the South's Yonhap news agency reported.

Cho said the North's nuclear envoy Ri Yong-ho had also proposed another
U.S.-North Korea meeting.

Yonhap quoted an unnamed South Korean official as saying that a meeting could
take place in a third country, with the cities of Singapore, Berlin and Geneva
among the possible choices.

"North Korea is pushing to hold the next round of bilateral talks with the
U.S. in Pyongyang, but Washington is strongly against it," said the senior
South Korean official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.

"Currently,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), the two sides are discussing the
possibility of meeting in a third country."

In July,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html "http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-
vuitton-c-1.html" ), U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth held two days of talks with
veteran North Korean nuclear negotiator Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye-gwan in
New York, their first such interaction since 2009.

Most experts say the mercurial North is unlikely to ever give up its pursuit
of nuclear weapons, but the six-party process is useful as it serves to
contain the North's nuclear program and hinders proliferation.

AGREEMENT EXPECTED

In Vienna, member states of the U.N. atomic agency unanimously adopted a
resolution on North Korea, deploring Pyongyang's actions to cease cooperation
with the U.N. agency in 2009 and strongly urging it not to carry out any
further nuclear tests.

It also called on North Korea to "come into full compliance" with the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty.

"We hope this unified message from the international community will be heard
loud and clear by North Korea. I also hope it will pave the way for achieving
the denuclearization eventually," a South Korean diplomat told the gathering.

On Wednesday, the two Koreas' nuclear envoys met for the second time in two
months in Beijing, amid a thaw in tensions on the divided peninsula.

Both sides said the talks were productive and useful,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), but did not produce any
breakthroughs to allow for a restart of the regional nuclear talks, which the
North walked out of more than two years ago.

Seoul and Washington insist that Pyongyang must first halt its nuclear
activities, including its uranium enrichment program, and allow the return of
international nuclear inspectors before talks can restart.

"Our government believes the two sides were able to expand the scope of mutual
understanding of each other's overall position on the nuclear issue, and has
come to expect that further dialogue will lead us to reach a point of
agreement,[sacs Louis Vuitton Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" )," Cho said.

Analysts expect it will take a few more months of diplomacy before an
agreement can be reached on restarting the regional talks which offer the
impoverished North economic and energy aid in return for disabling its nuclear
weapons program.

(Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Yoko Nishikawa)

World Politics South Korea North KoreaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://my-neighbors.net/activity/p/23232/>
  * <http://g.site88.net/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/33891>
  * <http://share-community.online.gp/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/61388>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=40 "Edit
section: Factbox  U.N. reports little progress in Syria toward peace" )]

##  Factbox U.N. reports little progress in Syria toward peace

n"&gt;(Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the Security Council
in a letter on Friday there has been little progress toward peace in the 14
-month-old conflict between Syrian government forces and an increasingly
militarized opposition.

Ban assessed progress in international peace envoy Kofi Annan's six-point
peace plan, which called for a truce,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), withdrawal of troops and heavy
weapons from cities, deployment of the monitoring force, and dialogue between
the government and opposition aimed at a Syrian-led "political transition."

Here are key quotes from his letter on each point:

CESSATION OF ARMED VIOLENCE IN ALL ITS FORMS

"UNSMIS (U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria) also observed continued Syrian
Army troop concentrations and heavy weapons in population centers ... on
numerous occasions, UNSMIS has observed armored personnel carriers and, less
frequently,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), tanks.

"UNSMIS observers reported hearing small arms and heavy weapons fire and
explosions regularly, in all of their locations, particularly at night. The
intensity of such activities has been uneven.

"On several occasions, UNSMIS has heard the sound, or seen
evidence,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ), of shelling
in population centers.

"Armed opposition groups said that the government was carrying out heavy
shelling at night,[Sacs Louis Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), outside the view of military
observers. The government has countered that armed groups are provoking
government forces by firing at them, and that it will continue to respond."

ACCESS TO, AND RELEASE OF, DETAINEES

"There are continuing reports that thousands of Syrians are being detained in
a network of government-run facilities of different kinds.

"The pace and scale of access to, and release, of detainees is unacceptable
given the commitment of the government ... other groups should also release
those deprived of their freedom under their control."

ENTRY AND FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT FOR JOURNALISTS

"There has been some, but not enough, improvement in entry and freedom of
movement of journalists in Syria. The Joint Special Envoy has been informed of
a total of 166 international journalists who had received visas since the
Syrian Government's agreement to the six-point plan.

"They are often only permitted short stays that do not facilitate in-depth
reporting."

RESPECT FOR FREEDOM OF ASSEMBLY AND PEACEFUL PROTEST

"The obligation of the Syrian government to respect freedom of association and
the right to demonstrate peacefully is clearly not being observed ... It is
clear that the broad context of intimidation and human rights violations does
not constitute an environment in which citizens can express their opinions or
demonstrate freely."

HUMANITARIAN ACCESS AND ASSISTANCE

"The fighting has caused significant displacement within the country and
refugee flows to neighboring states. The number of Syrians in need of some
form of humanitarian assistance, currently estimated at 1 million,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), may well increase if the crisis
continues."

UNSMIS DEPLOYMENT AND OPERATIONS

"The mission is expected to attain full military strength before the end of
the month.

"The government has cooperated to support the establishment of the mission ...
nonetheless, some military observers and civilian staff are yet to receive
visas ... The issue of the use of independent air assets remains under
discussion."

POLITICAL PROCESS

"At the heart of the Syrian crisis are extensive human rights violations and
denial of the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people. In this context,
real progress in implementing all elements of the six-point plan is
essential,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), if confidence in the possibility of a
credible political process is to be created.

"There is a growing impatience with the status quo, but also a lack of
confidence in the possibility of genuine transformation. While many fear the
implications of a further militarization of the conflict, some have doubts
that peaceful change is possible."

(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Stacey Joyce)

World SyriaRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://nairasource.com/index.php?topic=16264.msg21744#msg21744>
  * <http://www.kentuckyfloydchicken.com/activity/p/44966/>
  * <http://www.filedownloadfull.com/porn/showthread.php?p=2040098#post2040098>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=41 "Edit
section: Instant view  Microsoft beats Street view, shares climb" )]

##  Instant view Microsoft beats Street view, shares climb

LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp results beat forecasts as business
demand for its Office software held up well.,[Sito Ufficiale
Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" )

Commentary:

COLIN GILLIS,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
ANALYST,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), BGC FINANCIAL

"It's an excellent end to a record year for the company. This is a year full
of all kinds of records,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), with Windows 7 being the best-selling windows ever and the Kinect being the
fastest-selling consumer electronics device.

"What you're really seeing is excellent cost controls. These are great results
given a slower PC environment and it highlights how the company has multiple
revenue streams. The $17 billion unearned revenue,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), which is a
forward indicator of business,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), shows they
signed a lot of deals this quarter."

(Reporting by Alexei Oreskovic in San Francisco and Jennifer Saba and Liana
Baker in New York)

Tech Hot Stocks Asian Markets Related Quotes and News Company Price Related
NewsRelated Theme Articles:

  * [http://kaenteng.com/forum/topic.php?id=4988&amp;replies=1#post-5940](http://kaenteng.com/forum/topic.php?id=4988&replies=1#post-5940 "http://kaenteng.com/forum/topic.php?id=4988&replies=1#post-5940" )
  * <http://le-verbe.com/activity/p/161118/>
  * <http://planetnarcolepsy.com/ererge6erter/2012/09/12/handelsbanken-says-has-no-exposure-to-madoff/>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=42 "Edit
section: Megaupload founder accuses NZ police of beating him" )]

##  Megaupload founder accuses NZ police of beating him

WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Kim Dotcom, the founder of the Megaupload online file-
sharing site embroiled in U.S. piracy and fraud investigations, said on
Tuesday New Zealand police punched and kicked him during a raid on his
mansion.

Dotcom, a German national who is fighting extradition to the United States
from New Zealand,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" ), said he was terrified during a
raid in January by armed police using helicopters.

He said when he heard shouting and banging he went to a safe room, where
police found him.

"And then they were all over me. I had a punch to the face,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), boots kicking me down to the floor," Dotcom said in court.

"I was screaming and I was in pain ... I told them there was no need for
punching me or hurting me and please stop."

Acting on a request from the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),[sacs
louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), New Zealand authorities raided
Dotcom's rented estate outside Auckland,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), confiscating computers and hard drives,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), art work
and luxury cars.

However, the raid and seizure of evidence has since been ruled illegal and the
court hearing this week is to determine what should happen to the seized
material.

The FBI says Dotcom led a group that has netted $175 million since 2005 by
copying and distributing music,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), movies and
other copyrighted content without authorization.

Lawyers for the flamboyant entrepreneur say the company simply offered online
storage.

Dotcom and three others were arrested in the raid. Dotcom was kept in custody
for a month before being granted bail.

The hearing is scheduled to last until Thursday.

A New Zealand court is due to hear an application from U.S. authorities to
extradite Dotcom on internet piracy, money laundering and breach of copyright
charges in March.

(Reporting by Gyles Beckford; Editing by Robert Birsel)

World TechRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://wiki.visionsuite.co.uk/index.php/User:Ererge5orter#IMF.27s_Lipsky_says_U.S._housing.2C_job_market_still_slow>
  * [http://www.ncsnowremoval.com/forum/topic.php?id=33819&amp;replies=1#post-61002](http://www.ncsnowremoval.com/forum/topic.php?id=33819&replies=1#post-61002 "http://www.ncsnowremoval.com/forum/topic.php?id=33819&replies=1#post-61002" )
  * <http://www.oskn007.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/196187>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=43 "Edit
section: Seasoned Patriots giddy about Super Bowl berth" )]

##  Seasoned Patriots giddy about Super Bowl berth

FOXBOROUGH,[Louis Vuitton Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Massachusetts (Reuters) - The
New England Patriots may be the National Football League's most successful
team over the last decade but they rejoiced like first-time winners after
reaching the Super Bowl with a 23-20 victory over the hard-hitting Baltimore
Ravens on Sunday.

The victory avenged a 33-14 home loss to the Ravens in the playoffs two years
ago and lifted the Patriots to their first Super Bowl appearance in four
years.

"We're hungry and very passionate about what we do,[Hogan
Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/ "http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),"
said defensive tackle Vince Wilfork, who wreaked havoc against the Ravens'
offensive line,[Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/ "http://www.hgsit.com/" ),
stuffing run attempts and harassing opposing quarterback Joe Flacco throughout
the game.

"That is the good thing about this team. This team never gives up. I don't
care what the score may look like,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/" ), this team never gives up and that is
a championship team."

New England and quarterback Tom Brady won three championships in four years
from 2002 and again in 2008, when they were denied an undefeated season by the
New York Giants.

They have had playoff disappointments in each of the last two seasons, but
they were not to be denied in front of their home fans at Gillette Stadium on
Sunday.

"We knew the Ravens were going to play physical. We knew that. We had to match
their intensity and I think we did a great job of that tonight," said Wilfork.

Said linebacker Jerod Mayo: "It is such a great feeling. We finally got
something done and hopefully we get something done one more time."

The Ravens took a 17-16 lead in the third quarter on a touchdown pass by
Flacco and upped it to 20-16 on a field goal.

Fellow linebacker Brandon Spikes, who picked off a Flacco pass in the fourth
quarter, said: "I'm speechless. My team mates fought the whole game, for 60
minutes. We fell down but we got back up and that is what makes it so good."

Two-time Super Bowl MVP Brady did not have his best game, going without a
touchdown pass and tossing two interceptions,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), but the quarterback came through
in the clutch.

Brady extended the ball over the goal line when he dove over the line on a
fourth-and-one in the fourth quarter for what proved to be the game-winning
touchdown.

"We're always going to fight to the end,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" )," said Brady. "It's great to be a
part of a team like this. It's tough to get here, man. It's hard to win these
games."

Asked about getting to play in his fifth Super Bowl in 11 years, Brady said:
"It's incredible. You pinch yourself to get this opportunity.

"I'm privileged to be part of an incredible organization (and) to play with a
great group of team mates."

(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Frank Pingue)

SportsRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://ifishivote.org/activity/p/312950/>
  * <http://iweed.info/blogs/viewstory/61512>
  * <http://wikiadvocacy.org/index.php/User:Ererge6urter#Treasury_financing_goals_unchanged_by_Fed_move>

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=44 "Edit
section: Gold ends mixed as market awaits payrolls data" )]

##  Gold ends mixed as market awaits payrolls data

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gold was mildly mixed by the close on Thursday,[Sac Louis
Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), with many investors reluctant to take their positions in the precious metal
too far in either direction a day ahead of key U.S. employment figures.

Gold fell sharply in early trade after better-than-expected U.S. economic data
allayed recession fears and boosted the dollar. But by late in the session,
spot gold prices had moved into positive territory and U.S. gold futures were
only slightly lower, as investors awaited the jobs data.

Both spot gold and futures logged inside days on pricecharts, within the highs
and lows of the previous session.

"Today's (economic) numbers were kind of a mixed bag. But they were still
bearish for our economy and bullish for gold. But I think it's aiding in the
sideways trade we're seeing. There's no real defining factor that is pushing
people in one direction of the other," said Fred Schoenstein, metals trader at
Heraeus Precious Metals Management in New York.

Spot gold was up slightly at $1,824.40 an ounce by 4:23 p.m. EDT (2023 GMT)
having earlier slipped to $1,815.15.

Meanwhile, Benchmark COMEX December gold futures settled down $2.60 at
$1,[Hogan Scarpe](http://www.hogansitaliann.com/
"http://www.hogansitaliann.com/" ),829.10 per ounce, after falling earlier as
low as $1,[sacs louis vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ),815.50 an ounce.

Investors were reluctant to place big bets ahead of the government's August
employment report, expected to show a tepid 75,000 increase in payrolls.

A big surprise in the jobs data could move gold prices up or down. Short of a
huge discrepancy with forecasts, however,[sacs Louis Vuitton
Paris](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), many players will continue to try
to ride the middle ground.

"If non-farm payrolls are terrible tomorrow, we'll see gold move. But for now,
I think people are relatively hesitant to add onto positions or even to
initiate new positions at this level. And, if you are long, why would you take
profit here?," said Heraeus' Schoenstein.

The U.S. Labor Department's monthly data are due at 8:30 a.m. EDT (1230 GMT).

After mixed economic readings released in recent sessions, the labor market
figures should guide investors in positioning themselves ahead of the long
U.S. Labor Day weekend. But the looming holiday may help keep trading in a
range.

Earlier on Thursday, gold fell to session lows on mixed economic readings.
Weekly jobless claims and the August manufacturing series were stronger than
expected, but still weak enough to show a very sluggish U.S. economy.

"Gold is off again and I think it's partly the somewhat stronger U.S. dollar
and of course the economic data--the claims data, but even more so the ISM
index has suggested that we're not in a recession at this point," said Peter
Buchanan, senior economist at CIBC World Markets in Toronto.

Even though neither of the economic reports were strong, Buchanan added that
they came in better than "about 95 percent of the analysts' forecasts."

The euro dropped broadly against the dollar as the Institute for Supply
Management's (ISM) factory activity index stayed above 50, the expansion
threshold, in the face of weak manufacturing readings out of Europe.

The pace of growth in the U.S. manufacturing sector slowed to a crawl in
August, but was better than economists had forecast and still expanding.

Gold's losses were trimmed when some soft readings within the reports pulled
equities off their highs and eventually to a 1 percent decline by the close.

Reuters asset allocation polls on Wednesday showed leading fund companies were
holding less than 50 percent of their mixed-asset portfolios in stocks.

"The market I think is betting on further policy support for the economy,
which would be positive for gold,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutlete.com/" )," said Credit Agricole analyst
Robin Bhar.

Silver prices edged up in late trade to $41.53 an ounce from $41.47
previously.

Data released on Wednesday showed a rise in Mexican silver output in June of
just over 300,[pochette louis vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ),000 kg.

Elsewhere, spot platinum rose to $1,843.85 an ounce, while spot palladium rose
to $779.35 from $778.50.

Prices at 3:09 p.m. EDT (1909 GMT)

(Additional reporting by Jan Harvey in London; editing by Marguerita Choy and
David Gregorio)

Related Theme Articles:

  * <http://wiki.sacredlabyrinth.net/index.php/User:Ererge8drter#Wall_St._rises_on_U.S._economy.2C_progress_in_Italy>
  * <http://funraizin.com/activity/p/194110/>
  * [http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=27776&amp;replies=1#post-30958](http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=27776&replies=1#post-30958 "http://www.primariamedias.ro/forum/topic.php?id=27776&replies=1#post-30958" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Ererge9krter&action=edit&section=45 "Edit
section: Analysis  Revolutionaries see reversal in Egypt vote" )]

##  Analysis Revolutionaries see reversal in Egypt vote

CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's revolutionaries did not take to the streets to
replace Hosni Mubarak with another military strongman or to put an Islamist
ideologue in charge, but that is the choice they woke up to after a first-
round vote for the presidency.

The youths who put national pride before religion when they protested against
Mubarak's autocratic rule last year have increasingly despaired, saying the
revolution they initiated has been hijacked by generals and the Muslim
Brotherhood.

Their worst fears were confirmed on Friday, when initial results from Egypt's
first free presidential election sent the Brotherhood's Mohamed Mursi and ex-
air force chief Ahmed Shafiq,[pochette louis
vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/ "http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/"
), Mubarak's last prime minister, into a June 16 and 17 run-off.

"I am in shock. How could this happen? The people don't want Mursi or Shafiq.
This is a catastrophe for all of us," said Tareq Farouq, 34, a Cairo driver.
"They are driving people back to Tahrir Square."

With moderate candidates now out of the 12-man race, the run-off pits the two
most polarizing figures against each other, reviving the decades-old power
struggle between Egypt's secular-led military elite and its powerful Islamist
opposition.

The protesters of Tahrir Square are shocked that the run-off has boiled down
to a member of the "feloul", the derisory Arabic term for "remnants" of
Mubarak's old guard, and an "Ikhwani", or a Brother, from the conservative
Islamist group that has battled the authorities for most of its 84-year-old
history.

"Ahmed Shafiq will mean the old regime - the revolution is liquidated - and
with the Muslim Brotherhood it means we are too near to some kind of religious
state," said Hassan Nafaa, a political scientist who sided with the street
against Mubarak.

For revolutionaries, Shafiq is a carbon copy of Mubarak. Both were air force
commanders and a Shafiq win would simply extend the 60-year tradition of
having military men at the helm.

But the Brotherhood,[Sito Ufficiale Hogan](http://www.hgsit.com/
"http://www.hgsit.com/" ), which has the biggest parliamentary bloc, is just
as unattractive for many of them, with its pledge to apply Islamic sharia law
that they fear will curb social freedoms, stifle liberal debate and squeeze
out other voices.

"What happened to our revolution? A Shafiq victory means a reproduction of the
old regime and a Mursi victory will be a disaster. The Brotherhood will be in
control of the presidency and parliament and will have a monopoly over
everything," said Mohamed Hanafi, 30, a factory worker.

"We don't know where it will all end," he said.

It is not just the fate of Egypt's 82 million people. What happens in the Arab
world's most populous nation will reverberate across a region convulsed by
revolts and conflicts.

An Islamist takeover could frighten liberal forces which have played a big
part in the Arab uprisings that toppled leaders in Tunisia,[Louis Vuitton
Borse](http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/
"http://www.louisvuittonborseoutleti.org/" ), Libya and Yemen, as well as
Egypt.

The return of a military strongman could embolden Syria's leadership which has
used tanks to try to crush a rebellion.

Yet, 15 months after hundreds of thousands of people packed Tahrir Square to
celebrate the end of Mubarak's three-decade rule, exhilaration has given way
to disillusion and anger.

The transition, overseen by generals in charge since Mubarak fell and who have
promised to hand over power by July 1, has been marred by violence, political
gridlock and economic woes.

The second round vote may bring more turbulence. Activists and other Egyptians
have already said they will go back to the streets if Shafiq is victorious,
though this may be more difficult to sustain if the second round proceeds
smoothly.

Whoever wins, the army is likely to remain the main power broker, giving it
the upper hand in defining the prerogatives of the president. These have yet
to be determined because of tussles over who should write the post-Mubarak
constitution.

The generals insist they will return quietly to barracks,[sacs louis
vuitton](http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/
"http://www.ssacslouisvuittonparis.com/" ), but most Egyptians do not expect
them to give up the privileges and influence they have enjoyed for decades.
They say a Shafiq win will make rolling back the military harder still.

Whatever the president's powers, the army will keep a tight grip on foreign
policy and will protect a peace treaty with Israel that brings in $1.3 billion
of U.S. military aid a year.

This may restrict a Mursi presidency's room to maneuver abroad, but put a
bigger focus on work at home. Liberals and some other Egyptians fear the
Islamists will want to stamp their mark by seeking to impose more religious
values on society.

"This is not what we wanted or what we fought for. As a woman I am deeply
upset," said Dalia Hamdi,[Sac Louis Vuitton](http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/
"http://www.saclouisvuitton1.net/" ), an human resources manager, speaking in
the upscale Cairo district of Zamalek.

"Definitely we won't be able to wear what we are wearing now," she said
pointing to a friend in a sleeveless t-shirt and jeans without a headscarf,
which most Egyptian women wear.

Mursi has not defined what his call for implementing sharia law would mean in
practice. But liberals fear it could mean more restrictive marriage and
divorce laws for women. A stricter society might also deter tourists, a main
revenue source.

Near the Giza pyramids, on a street famed for its night life, some bar workers
said they dreaded a Brotherhood president, recalling how an Islamist mob
vandalized nearby casinos and bars last year,[Sacs Louis
Vuitton](http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html
"http://www.asacslouisvuittonfr.org/sacs-louis-vuitton-c-1.html" ), smashing
liquor bottles seen as symbols of vice.

"I am sure the Brotherhood will close us down if they get elected. They will
ban alcohol," said bar-tender Huda Husseini, 19. "According to them, dancing,
drinking, music is all forbidden. Everything is forbidden."

(Additional reporting by Tom Perry; Writing by Edmund Blair and Samia Nakhoul;
Editing by Alistair Lyon)

World EgyptRelated Theme Articles:

  * <http://www.pvbchurch.com/component/blog/comments?pid=27541>
  * <http://scread.webege.com/index.php?p=blogs/viewstory/13772>
  * <http://kootukettu.com/blogs/posts/ererge3hrter>

