# FIRSTwiki:Village pump/Archive 5

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Articles from Kickoff
  * 2 New FIRST Logo and FIRSTwiki
  * 3 Purpose of FIRSTwiki
  * 4 How to renew activity?
  * 5 1.4 Beta5  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&action=edit&section=
1 "Edit section: Articles from Kickoff" )]

## Articles from Kickoff

Are any of you FIRSTwiki contributors going to be at the Founder's Kickoff
(the Manchester, NH one)? Maybe you could write articles about the kickoff
once you go? Like some interviews with the celebrities? --[SilverStar
(Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 05:41, 31 Dec 2004
(EST)


## New FIRST Logo and FIRSTwiki

With FIRST's new logo (and accompanying usage guidelines), is FIRSTwiki stuck
for a logo? --[Billfred](/index.php/User:Billfred "User:Billfred" ) 23:22, 18
Dec 2004 (EST)

    Well the current logo was approved by FIRST, and I don't think it really is a huge deal, so until someone says something, or until I or someone else has some time to update the logo, it will stay. --[[User:Max|[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )]]] 00:39, 19 Dec 2004 (EST) 
    Given that I think the new FIRST logo is uglier than the old FIRST logo, I support keeping the current FIRSTwiki logo FWIW. --[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) [[1168](/index.php/1168 "1168" )] 12:32, 19 Dec 2004 (EST) 

    Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Perhaps we should just revert to the seizure logo. (kidding, kidding) --[Billfred](/index.php/User:Billfred "User:Billfred" ) 14:50, 19 Dec 2004 (EST) 

    GAH! PAIN! *dies* Point taken. --[Goobergunch](/index.php/User:Goobergunch "User:Goobergunch" ) [[1168](/index.php/1168 "1168" )] 19:12, 20 Dec 2004 (EST) 


## Purpose of FIRSTwiki

What we need to think about is: Does FIRSTwiki have the potential to go
mainstream? But eventually, what IS FISTwiki for? The problem is that many
individual parts of FIRSTwiki (the game archives, the lists of teams, team
pages, robot pictures, documentation and how-to) is duplicated all around the
Web by FIRST, individual teams, and ChiefDelphi. What really needs to be
decided is: Is FIRSTwiki serving the community in ways that the community is
not already served by other websites? If yes, then what are these services (we
should then promote these services)? If no, then FIRSTwiki should be providing
these services with better quality and/or organization than other websites. If
we do neither of these, then FIRSTwiki has become/should be obsolete.
--[SilverStar (Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 01:38,
31 Dec 2004 (EST)

    I think first and foremost, FIRSTwiki is designed to make the information that is already available elsewhere organized and more easily found. Indirectly, because of the ease of contributing, I think FIRSTwiki will/can eventually become a source of original content. --[[User:Max|[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )]]] 02:08, 31 Dec 2004 (EST) 
    I agree here, so we need to promote it as such. We need to get more people involved in both organizing and creating content. It seems that most of the original content will be both in history and how-tos. So how do we entice FIRSTers to visit, and more importantly contribute? Some celebrity FIRSTers entering their knowledge seems good... --[SilverStar (Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 05:12, 31 Dec 2004 (EST) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&action=edit&section=
4 "Edit section: How to renew activity?" )]

## How to renew activity?

It's been a while since there has been any significant activity on FIRSTwiki.
I decided not to really go ahead with the contact-a-thon because I didn't
think I would have the time to get people involved. With Christmas break
coming soon, I, and others, will probably have some time to drum up some
interest in FW again. How does everyone think we should do this? Just a random
post in CD about it reminding everyone what it is?
--[[User:Max|[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257
"1257" )]]] 16:11, 19 Dec 2004 (EST)

     I thought I was the only person who ever used "drum up" in conversation. Ah well. Perhaps instead of advertising in posts, we should try advertising in posts. Point to FIRSTwiki articles and such as they're useful. --[Billfred](/index.php/User:Billfred "User:Billfred" ) 10:36, 20 Dec 2004 (EST) 
    I'm thinking that its been a while since the last time we made any announcements about what it is so perhaps people have forgotten about it, but more importantly, lots of new people have not heard of it. --[[User:Max|[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) [[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )]]] 18:59, 20 Dec 2004 (EST) 


## 1.4 Beta5

Hmm... Anyone notice the new version? (Here I am a sysop, and I just noticed
that Max upgraded!) --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303
"User:Astronouth7303" ) 19:59, 27 Jan 2005 (EST)

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5>"

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Village_pump/Archive_5&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki:Village_pump/Archive_5&oldid=40434)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:04, 8 November 2005.
  * This page has been accessed 424 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

