As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Josefjones1

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Transport Leak Detection for Advanced Wireless Industrial Automation**

  

Automatic Transport Leak Detection system is designed specifically for
propane, anhydrous ammonia and butane transports. This technique is definitely
DCE certified in order to adjust to all USDOT and Canadian transport rules for
‘Passive Shut Off’. These systems are a novel innovation of [wireless
industrial automation](http://www.baseng.com/ "http://www.baseng.com/" ) and
it regularly monitors the off-loading course of in search of a fast change in
discharge pressure. These unique techniques are typically used for LPG,
Anhydrous Ammonia and Butane bulk transports. It is a trailer mounted unit
that screens the off-loading course of for broken or broken hoses, fittings
and piping.

Whereas using these [industrial wireless
solutions](http://www.dc495.com/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1
"http://www.dc495.com/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1" ) for the
transport leak detection system, it might probably detect a separate hose or
failed connection and it could possibly shut the tank inside valve inside ½
second. This LDS passive system usually incorporates a practical ‘Take a look
at’ button as a technique to determine the unit’s readiness.

The Transport Leak Detection system is straightforward to put in and it
requires no calibration or adjustment. The operator can activate this
technique robotically simply by opening the interior valve or pipe guard. It
has additionally multi-pipe or multi-trailer sensors in addition to automatic
truck engine or PTO shut-down unit. The auxiliary control panel is out there
for every type of leak detection methods with the intention to allow driver’s
facet unloading control. It's really low powered micro-pc managed leak
detection and shut down system. The set up means of the automated leak
detection system could be very straightforward and the set up only requires
“Plug and Play” components. Typically 12 Volts DC power supply is used as a
important power supply for the LDS system. This technique can also be
intrinsically protected for pressure transducer. While using in the bulk
transport it might probably detect the partial and full hose/pipe separation.

After detecting a leak in the transport system the LDS system can response
within one half seconds. The emergency cease technique closes all or any tank
inside valves at an emergency basis. No calibration is required for this
method and calibration self take a look at system is included within the unit.
It's constructed in a non-sparking and waterproof enclosure to be able to
ensure durability. The entire LDS system weighs 10lbs.

The automated leak detection system and shut down system is designed by
skilled engineers and it's designed specifically for LPG and Anhydrous Ammonia
bulk transfer. Trailer mounted unit continually monitors the off-loading
process for “rate of change” parameters signifying damaged or damaged hoses,
fittings and piping. A leak is immediately detected and stopped by the closure
of the tank inner valve. The truck’s engine will also be stopped and PTO
disengaged if desired. This technique routinely prompts on the end of each
load. This ensures that the system is absolutely operational and helps reduce
the possibility of a broken cargo pump as a consequence of product run out.
This LDS unit also “fails secure” and closes the internal valve with a lack of
energy or the discharge of the trailer parking brakes. The system contains an
E-Stop button and the distant ‘E-Stop’ button offers the operator the power to
activate the passive shut down at any time during the offloading process.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones1>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Josefjones1&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones1)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Josefjones1)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Josefjones1)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Josefjones1)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Josefjones1)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones1&oldid=817466)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 07:39, 25 September 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 5 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

