# Basic HTML

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**HTML**, or **hypertext markup language**, is used by web developers to display content on the web more advanced than simple text files. HTML allows the web designer to create pages with colors, fonts, tables, images, and numerous other elements that make the site aesthetically pleasing. Along with [CSS](/index.php?title=CSS&action=edit "CSS" ), this is the tool by which information is presented on the World Wide Web. 

To create HTML files, all that is needed is a simple text editor (such as
NotePad for Windows users). To view the files rendered, it is necessary to
have a web browser. There are more advanced tools available, but for many
purposes they are overkill. The file, complete with markup, is saved with an
extension of ".html" (or ".htm").


## Syntax

HTML markup follows a basic pattern: it is enclosed between less-than and
greater-than symbols (&lt;&gt;) and can include fields within the "tags". For
instance, &lt;span&gt;, specifies a span tag, which can change text color. The
end of a tag is specified with a forward slash, like this: &lt;/span&gt;.
Putting it all together, &lt;span style="color:green;"&gt;Text to be colored
green.&lt;/span&gt;. This renders as, Text to be colored green.

There is markup to create italicized text, bold text, to include links,
images, and a wide host of other formatting. For a comprehensive review of
available markup, see the [W3C HTML 4.01 specification](http://www.w3.org/TR
/REC-html40/ "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Basic_HTML&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Creating team websites" )]

## Creating team websites

_Main article: [Designing a team webpage](/index.php/Designing_a_team_webpage
"Designing a team webpage" )_

Websites for [FIRST Robotics teams](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Team "FIRST
Robotics Team" ) are like all other websites: they should be colorful,
aesthetically pleasing, functional, and most of all, informative. **Remember**
that content is more important than a pretty design, and that most of all, the
content should be easily accessible (not necessarily pretty). However, other
important factors must be taken into consideration when designing a FIRST team
webpage. There are specific items that FIRST judges will be looking for when
judging your website, and there are certain elements you will want to include
in order to make your page useful for other [FIRSTers](/index.php/FIRSTer
"FIRSTer" ).

  


## Resources

  * [Getting started with HTML](http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/Guide/ "http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/Guide/" ), a 10 minute guide for basic HTML offered by the W3C 
  * [More advanced features](http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/Guide/Advanced.html "http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/Guide/Advanced.html" ), the follow-up to the above guide, offered by the W3C 
  * <http://www.htmlgoodies.com>
  * <http://www.htmlbasix.com>

