# 461

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

WestSide Boiler Invasion  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/1/1f/461_logo.jpg)](Image:461_logo.jpg "Team
logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 2000  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | West Lafayette, IN  
School: | West Lafayette High School  
Approx. size: | 50  
Team Website: | <http://www.boilerinvasion.org/>  
[TBA page](http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=461
"http://www.thebluealliance.net/tbatv/team.php?team=461" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 About
  * 2 History
    * 2.1 1999
    * 2.2 2000
    * 2.3 2001
    * 2.4 2002
    * 2.5 2003
    * 2.6 2004
    * 2.7 2005
    * 2.8 2006
    * 2.9 2007
    * 2.10 2008
    * 2.11 2009
  * 3 Team projects
    * 3.1 Robots
    * 3.2 Animation
    * 3.3 Community Service
    * 3.4 Website
  * 4 Accomplishments
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Members List
    * 6.1 Students
    * 6.2 Alumni
    * 6.3 Purdue Advisors (Purdue-sors)  
---  
  

## About

[![2006 team photo](/media/thumb/8/85/461_team_photo_06.jpg/180px-
461_team_photo_06.jpg)](Image:461_team_photo_06.jpg "2006 team
photo" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](Image:461_team_photo_06.jpg "Enlarge" )

2006 team photo

Team 461, Westside Boiler Invasion, is based in West Lafayette, Indiana. The
team is comprised of students from West Lafayette High School. Most of the
team's mentors are students at Purdue University, but Team 461 also receives
help from various
volunteers[[1]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=volunteers
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=volunteers" ).

The team's name is drawn from Purdue University's sports teams, the
Boilermakers, based on the team's involvement with Purdue.

In 2004, WBI earned the Leadership in Control award at the Great Lakes
Regional, the Website Award at the Midwest Regional, and were Curie Division
finalists at the Championship Event.

In 2006 and 2010, WBI 461 won the best website award at the Buckeye Regional,
Boilermaker Regional, and won the Championship title at Atlanta as well.

WBI is well-known throughout the first community for its chant: "Let's all go
nuts! Robots! Robots!"


## History


### 1999

Early in 1999, the Outreach Team of the Purdue Student Engineering Foundation
(PSEF), led by Steve Hann, decided to start a FIRST Robotics team. Most on the
Outreach Team had never heard of FIRST, but the program meshed perfectly with
their mission: informing high school students about the endless opportunities
available in science and technology. At the start of next school year, PSEF
members (one of whom had been on a FIRST team in high school), and professors
got together and came up with a strategy to bring a FIRST team to the Greater
Lafayette area. Mr. Hann contacted West Lafayette High School teacher Steve
Florence, who jointly agreed to establish this program. PSEF established a
subgroup, headed by Shannon Schnepp, to create this team. This team came to be
located at West Lafayette High School. A callout was held to recruit advisors
--Purdue students who would help high school students achieve the dream of
building a real, working robot. These initial students would be the core of
the 2000 FIRST team, later to be strengthened by students from other local
high schools.


### 2000

In January of 2000, the team, Westside Boiler Invasion 461 (WBI 461), tackled
the challenge of designing a robot. The robot was named Rowdy Pete 1,
reflecting Purdue's great influence on WBI 461. In the first year, Westside
Boiler Invasion was comprised of 18 high school students from West Lafayette
and Harrison High Schools and 12 Purdue University students. The team was
unique in the fact that it was completely student run. The team competed in
the Motorola Midwest Regional, taking home the Rookie All-Star award. But the
memories and hard work didn't stop there. At that time, the team did not have
enough funds to buy uniforms (the team tie-dyed their own shirts, earning the
nickname "Team Sherbet"), let alone attend the National Championship, which is
the culminating event of the season. The advisors knew the great benefit of
competing at nationals and did not want to let this opportunity pass by. Thus,
everything possible was done to raise money: begging companies, getting
donations from alumni, and even getting another team (Truck Town Terror #68,
now called Truck Town Thunder) to pay for the hotel. The gracious
professionalism paid to WBI 461 was immeasurable. All the effort put forth by
the team paid off when Westside Boiler Invasion qualified for nationals at
Motorola. Our team also set its precedent of being extremely spirited. Even
though no awards were won at nationals, the fact that the team got there was
enough to make it among the best experiences of everyone on the team.


### 2001

In 2001, new students were brought on the team, raising the numbers to 22 high
school students from West Lafayette, Harrison, and Jefferson high schools, 18
Purdue students, 2 high school teachers, and 3 industry professionals. More of
the new advisors had been on teams in high school themselves, and the
diversity and experience brought to WBI became a huge asset to the team.
Funding improved and the team was able to attend the Motorola Midwest Regional
and the National Championship. The team also went to several post-national
competitions, the Indiana Robotics Invitational (IRI) and the Ford Sweet
Repeat (FSR). The team took home the Daimler Chrysler Spirit Award from the
Motorola Regional and the Teamwork Award from the IRI. The season was capped
off by winning both the entire tournament and the Girl’s Championship at the
Ford Sweet Repeat (FSR).


### 2002

In its 3rd season, the team grew to 30 High School students, 25 college
advisors, 2 High School teachers, and 5 industry Professionals. By this time,
the team had established itself in FIRST and was ready to take on another
season. In 2002, the team attended 3 regionals: Buckeye Regional in Cleveland,
Motorola Midwest Regional in Chicago, and the St. Louis Regional, in St.
Louis. WBI placed 6th place overall at the Motorola Midwest Regional and 5th
place overall at the St. Louis Regional, making it the first year that WBI
made it to the final rounds. The team also won the Imagery Award at the
Buckeye Regional for their bright yellow jerseys and the Spirit Award in St.
Louis.


### 2003

In its 4th season, WBI attended two regional competitions, the Buckeye
Regional in Cleveland and the Midwest Regional in Chicago. The team also
attended the National Competition, held in Houston, Texas. The team had a
successful season, bringing home 3rd place in the Animation competition, and
finishing 8th place overall at the Buckeye Regional. In Chicago, WBI was
honored with the Regional Chairman’s Award (see the Public Relations page and
the 2003 Chairman's Award page). One of only 23 teams nationally to win this
prestigious award, WBI then had the opportunity to submit an entry into the
National Chairman’s Award Competition.


### 2004

WBI's success in its fifth season was the culmination of hard work and
determination. There were 46 students from local high schools and 17 Purdue
University advisors. We attended the Great Lakes Regional in Ypsilanti,
Michigan, where WBI placed 22nd overall and was chosen by WildStang (#111),
the first seed team, for the finals. WBI was awarded the Leadership in Control
Award in honor of our programming efforts. At the Motorola Midwest Regional in
Evanston, Illinois, we won the award for Website Design. We were also chosen
as the first pick of sixth seed CFHS Robotics (#525) in elimination rounds. At
the National Competition, the WBI alliance was 2nd overall in the Curie
division, and 5th in the nation. At the 2004 Indiana Robotics Invitational,
WBI won the Animation Award for a fantastic animation made within only a day.


### 2005

2005 was WBI's sixth season. The team grew even more this year, and the focus
was on having a great robot and expanding out into the community. WBI served
as a mentor team this year to Teams 1555 at North White High School, Team
Pulse, and 1646 at Lafayette Jefferson High School, Team Boiler Precision
Guessworks. Our partnerships involved sending students and advisors to work
with the teams at their schools as well as promoting the FIRST experience.
During 2005, WBI also assisted with the operation and setup of the Boilermaker
Regional in West Lafayette, Indiana, as well as competing in it. At the
Boilermaker Regional, WBI received the Website Design award. WBI also competed
in the Motorola Midwest Regional, where we won the Team Spirit Award for BOSS
(Boiler Online Scouting System), an online database of scouting information on
all of the teams at the regional. (Scouting data can be downloaded for the
Boilermaker Regional, the Motorola Midwest Regional, and the Championship
Event in Curie division can be found here.) WBI also attended the Championship
Event in Atlanta, Georgia.


### 2006

The 2006 season was WBI's seventh. Like the previous year, we mentored a
rookie team, Team 1747 at Harrison High School, Team Harrison Boiler Robotics.
WBI attended the Buckeye Regional in Cleveland, Ohio, as well as the
Boilermaker Regional in West Lafayette, Indiana. The team also competed at the
Championship Event in Atlanta, Georgia. At the Buckeye Regional, Team 461 was
honored with the Website Award as well as the Engineering Inspiration Award,
the second most prestigious award in FIRST. WBI also finished the regional as
the runner-up, along with our allies Team 1018, Pike Robo-Devils, and Team
141, the Wo-Bots. WBI mentor Steve Florence was honored with the Regional
Woodie Flowers Award. At the Boilermaker Regional, WBI won the Website Award
and the Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers Entrepreneurship Award. WBI
competed from April 27-29, 2006, in the Championship Event, held in Atlanta at
the Georgia Dome. At the Championship Event, WBI won the Website Award, a feat
we are extremely proud of.


### 2007

WBI Team 461 had a very successful season in 2007. We attended the St. Louis
Regional last year, and won the Engineering Inspiration award, that allowed us
to travel to Nationals in Atlanta once again. We also attended our local
regional, the Boilermaker Regional where we got 2nd place on an alliance with
our sister team from Harrison High School, 1747 HBR. At Atlanta we ended our
season in the top 20 out over 80 teams in the Gallileo division. At the
Indiana Robotics Regional in July, we went on to the elimination round with a
drive team that had never driven the robot before. WBI will surely carry this
success forwards to this year's season.


### 2008

WBI competed in the Boilermaker Regional, winning 2nd place and fighting a
close final round and winning the Xerox Creativity Award. In the Great Lakes
Regional in Ypsilanti, MI, technical problems caused many losses. Not to be
discouraged, the team began to work on improvements for the Atlanta
Championship. At Atlanta, in many energy packed matches, WBI ended in the
upper half of the Archimedes Division. Unfortunately, WBI was not selected to
participate as part of an alliance in the elmination rounds. The 2008 season
has taught the team many lessons that can help us improve in the future.


### 2009

WBI is celebrating a decade of FIRST Robotics tradition. Starting off the
season at the Buckeye Regional in Cleveland, OH, team 461 won the Judge's
Award for it's support of other teams with both hardware and software and was
seeded 13th at the end of qualification rounds. At the Boilermaker Regional,
suffering from technical issues, the team was seeded 31st, but was selected by
the second seed alliance of team 45, the Technokats, and team 234, Cyberblue.
The alliance made it to the finals, being narrowly defeated in a tiebreaker
match by a margin of three points. For its organization of alumni reunion,
team 461 received a Judge's Award. At the FIRST Championship event in Atlanta,
GA, team 461 made a strong showing, going 6-1 and was seeded 10th at the end
of qualification rounds. With a good season behind it, WBI looks foward to
future success in the upcoming seasons.


## Team projects

The team is an active competitor in all of the aspects of FIRST. Of course WBI
461 builds robots, but it also actively works on the animation, website, and
community service aspects of FIRST.


### Robots

Click here [[2]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/?page=robots
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/?page=robots" ) for a full listing of WBI 461's
robots. Because of the team's association with Purdue University, its robots
have traditionally been known as Rowdy Pete, or Rowdy for short. More
information about Rowdy Pete can be found at
[[3]](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purdue_Boilermakers
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purdue_Boilermakers" ).

  * 461 in 2000: Rowdy Pete 1. 
  * 461 in 2001: Rowdy Pete 2. 
  * 461 in 2002: Rowdy Pete 3. 
  * 461 in 2003: Rowdy Pete 4. [[4]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=7 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=7" )
  * 461 in 2004: Rowdy Pete 5. [[5]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=6 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=6" ) Rowdy 5 was the runner-up in the Curie Division at the Championships and placed 5th overall. 
  * 461 in 2005: Rowdy Pete 6. [[6]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=5 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=5" )
  * 461 in 2006: Rowdy Pete 7. [[7]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=4 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=4" )
  * 461 in 2007: Rowdy Pete 8. [[8]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=3 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=3" )
  * 461 in 2008: Rowdy Pete 9. [[9]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=2 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=2" )
  * 461 in 2009: Rowdy Pete 10. [[10]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=1 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=1" )
  * 461 in 2010: Rowdy Pete 11. [[11]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=8 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=robots&id=8" )


### Animation

Visit [[12]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation" ) for a quick listing
of the previous creations.

  * 461 in 2003. [[13]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=3 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=3" )
  * 461 in 2004. [[14]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=4 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=4" )
  * 461 in 2005. [[15]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=5 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=5" )
  * 461 in 2006. [[16]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=6 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=6" )
  * 461 in 2007. [[17]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=7 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=7" )
  * 461 in 2008. [[18]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=8 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=8" )
  * 461 in 2009. [[19]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=9 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=9" )
  * 461 in 2010. [[20]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=10 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=animation&id=10" )


### Community Service

The most prestigious award in FIRST Robotics is not the robotics championship
but instead the Chairman's Award for community service. The Chairman's Award
celebrates the team that has done the most to spread the ideals of FIRST and
the promise of science and technology. See WBI 461's submissions here:
[[21]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans" ).

  * 461 in 2003. [[22]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=5 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=5" )
  * 461 in 2004. [[23]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=6 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=6" )
  * 461 in 2005. [[24]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=7 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=7" )
  * 461 in 2006. [[25]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=8 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=8" )
  * 461 in 2007. [[26]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=9 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=9" )
  * 461 in 2008. [[27]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=10 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=10" )
  * 461 in 2009. [[28]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=11 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=11" )
  * 461 in 2010. [[29]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=12 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=chairmans&id=12" )


### Website

WBI 461 has long been known for its professional website. It has won many
regional best website awards, and it was the national best website winner in
2006. It has a strong forte on content and resources. The KIPs (Knowledge is
Power) tutorials compress intro-Purdue engineering into a quick series of
websites. The content on boilerinvasion.org stretches back to the 2003 season,
and new content is being added every day. WBI 461 usually implements new
themes every year. The current black and gold theme highlights the team's
links to Purdue. See the main website by clicking here:
[[30]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/ "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/" ).
Screenshots and information on previous season websites are available at
[[31]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites" )

  * 461 in 2004. [[32]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=2 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=2" )
  * 461 in 2005. [[33]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=3 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=3" )
  * 461 in 2006. [[34]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=4 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=4" )
  * 461 in 2007. [[35]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=5 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=5" )
  * 461 in 2008. [[36]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=6 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=6" )
  * 461 in 2009. [[37]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=7 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=7" )
  * 461 in 2010. [[38]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=8 "http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=websites&id=8" )


## Accomplishments

Team 461 is a very consistently high performing team that has attended the
[Championship Event](Championship_Event "Championship Event" ) most
years. Most recently in 2004, the team's Rowdy Pete 5.0 placed 2nd in the
Curie Division. In 2006 and 2010, the team won the Best Website Award at the
Championships.

**2010 Season**

  * Website Award, Boilermaker Regional 3/20/10 
  * Engineering Inspiration Award, Boilermaker Regional 3/20/10 
  * Website Award, Buckeye Regional 3/27/10 
  * Website Award, Championship Event 4/16/10 

**2009 Season**

  * Judge's Award, Buckeye Regional 2009 
  * Judge's Award, Boilermaker Regional 2009 
  * Regional Finalist, Boilermaker Regional 2009 

**2008 Season**

  * Regional Finalist, Boilermaker Regional 2008 
  * Xerox Creativity Award, Boilermaker Regional 2008 

**2007 Season**

  * Regional Finalist, Boilermaker Regional 2007 
  * Engineering Inspiration Award, St. Louis Regional 2007 
  * Website Award, St. Louis Regional 2007 

**2006 Season**

  * Championship Website Award, Championship, 04/28/06 
  * Best Website Award, Boilermaker Regional, 03/17/06 
  * Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers Entrepreneurship Award, Boilermaker Regional, 03/17/06 
  * Outstanding Volunteer of the Year Award: Mr. Steve Florence, Boilermaker Regional, 03/17/06 
  * Engineering Inspiration Award, Buckeye Regional, 03/11/06 
  * Regional Finalist, Buckeye Regional, 03/11/06 
  * Woodie Flowers Award: Mr. Steve Florence, Buckeye Regional, 03/10/06 
  * Best Website Award, Buckeye Regional, 03/10/06 

**2005 Season**

  * Team Spirit Award, Motorola Midwest Regional, 03/26/05 
  * Best Website Award, Boilermaker Regional, 03/18/05 

**2004 Season**

  * Curie Division Finalist, Championship, 04/17/04 
  * Best Website Award, Motorola Midwest Regional, 03/27/04 
  * Leadership in Control Award, Great Lakes Regional, 03/13/04 

**2003 Season**

  * Regional Chairman's Award, Motorola Midwest Regional, 03/29/03 

**2002 Season**

  * Imagery Award, Buckeye Regional, 03/16/02 
  * Daimler Chrysler Team Spirit Award, St. Louis Regional, 04/06/02 

**2001 Season**

  * Daimler Chrysler Team Spirit Award, Motorola Midwest Regional 03/24/01 

**2000 Season**

  * Rookie All Star Award, Motorola Midwest Regional, 03/25/00 


## Sponsors

WBI 461 is primarily funded by Purdue University through the Purdue FIRST
Programs [[39]](http://www.purduefirst.org "http://www.purduefirst.org" ).
Other donors are as follow:

  * Caterpillar 
  * Purdue University Office of the Provost 
  * Schlumberger 
  * West Lafayette Community School Corporation 
  * Indiana Department of Workforce Development 
  * Kimberly-Clark 
  * Sealy Mattresses 
  * American Nuclear Society 
  * United Technologies Corporation 
  * DePuy 
  * Purdue School of Technology Administration 
  * Convergence Education Foundation 
  * Purdue Student Activities &amp; Organizations 
  * Indiana Space Grant Consortium 
  * Purdue Department of Engineering Education 
  * DuPont 
  * General Motors 
  * Purdue University School of Mechanical Engineering 
  * Kaiser Aluminum 
  * DaimlerChrysler 
  * InfoComm Systems 
  * Purdue University School of Aeronautics and Astronautics 
  * Purdue University School of Industrial Engineering 
  * Purdue University School of Chemical Engineering 
  * Purdue University School of Civil Engineering 
  * Sigma Sleep Medicine 


## Members List

Mr. Steve Florence is the team coach. He won the Woodie Flowers award at the
2006 Buckeye Regional.


### Students

Please check the website
[[40]](http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=member
"http://www.boilerinvasion.org/index.php?page=member" ) for the most recent
list of members.


### Alumni

WBI 461 is currently in the process of tracking down the status of its alumni.
Over 90% of team members pursue engineering or science in college.


### Purdue Advisors (Purdue-sors)

WBI 461 has a strong cadre of Purdue students, mostly undergraduates, who
serve as mentors and advisors on the team. The diagram below documents the
team structure and 2007 Purdue advisors.

  

[![](/media/c/c6/TeamChart07.gif)](Image:TeamChart07.gif "" )

_[Index of teams](Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
