# Kit of parts (FTC)

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Kit of parts
(Vex)](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28Vex%29&redirect=no "Kit of parts
\(Vex\)" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

[![The Vex Robotics Design System line of parts. Image source: VexLABS
\[1\]](/media/thumb/7/79/Vex-Robotics-Design-System.gif/280px-Vex-Robotics-
Design-System.gif)](/index.php/Image:Vex-Robotics-Design-System.gif "The Vex
Robotics Design System line of parts. Image source: VexLABS \[1\]" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Vex-
Robotics-Design-System.gif "Enlarge" )

The Vex Robotics Design System line of parts. Image source: VexLABS
[[1]](http://www.vexlabs.com "http://www.vexlabs.com" )

Several weeks before the [2005 FIRST
Championships](/index.php/Championship_Event_%282005%29 "Championship Event
\(2005\)" ), [RadioShack](/index.php?title=RadioShack&action=edit "RadioShack"
) (the official sponsor of Vex) unveiled the Vex kits at their stores. Dubbed
Version 0.5, the main kit, which sells for $300 USD, contains everything to
make a simple Vex robot. Additional parts, such as spare motors, servos,
wheels, and gears were available in Version 0.5. The entire line of parts
(Version 1.0), including a programming module and advanced sensors, was
released in August 2005.

In addition to standard Vex parts,
[VexLabs](/index.php?title=VexLabs&action=edit "VexLabs" ) (a subcompany of
[Innovation First, Inc.](/index.php/Innovation_First%2C_Inc. "Innovation
First, Inc." )) is credited with developing new beta components for possible
inclusion into the standard Vex kits. Some of these new mechanical pieces
include new/longer 1x1 and 2x2 angle pieces, 1x2x1 and 1x5x1 C-Channel, Linear
Bearings, and more. [[3]](http://www.vexlabs.com "http://www.vexlabs.com" )  

## Contents

  * 1 Line of Parts
  * 2 Vex Controller
    * 2.1 Inputs / Output Ports
      * 2.1.1 Analog / Digital Ports
      * 2.1.2 Interrupt Ports
      * 2.1.3 Motor Ports
  * 3 VEX Motors and Servos
    * 3.1 Motors
    * 3.2 Servos
  * 4 Sensors
  * 5 Pneumatics
  * 6 VexLabs Beta Parts  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Line of Parts" )]

###  Line of Parts

  * Starter Kit (v0.5) 
  * Extra Gears Kit (v0.5) 
  * Sprocket and Chain Set (v1.0) 
  * Vex Motor (v0.5) 
  * Vex Servo (v0.5) 
  * Extra Metal Components (v0.5) 
  * Extra Wheel Set (v0.5) 
  * Omni-Directional Wheel Kit (v1.0) 
  * Tank Tread Kit (v1.0) 
  * Additional R/C Transmitter/Reciever (v0.5) 
  * Additional R/C Radio Crystal Packs (v0.5) 
  * Vex Rechargeable Batteries (v0.5) 
  * Programming Module (v1.0) 
  * Limit Switches (v0.5) 
  * Bumper Switches (v0.5) 
  * Line-Following Sensor (v1.0) 
  * Light Sensor (v1.0) 
  * Ultra-Sonic Sensor (v1.0) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Vex Controller" )]

##  Vex Controller

[![The Vex Micro-Controller. Image source: VexLABS \[2\]](/media/thumb/0/0f
/Vex-micro-controller-module.jpg/220px-Vex-micro-controller-
module.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Vex-micro-controller-module.jpg "The Vex Micro-
Controller. Image source: VexLABS \[2\]" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Vex-
micro-controller-module.jpg "Enlarge" )

The Vex Micro-Controller. Image source: VexLABS [[2]](http://www.vexlabs.com
"http://www.vexlabs.com" )

The Vex controller uses two PIC18F8520 micro controllers, a Master and User
which are uses to execute tasks. Vex robots can be driven by R/C or by an
[autonomous mode](/index.php/Autonomous_mode "Autonomous mode" ). A stock
autonomous mode is available, but users can modify and change their autonomous
mode by using the Vex Programming Module and either
[EasyC](/index.php?title=EasyC&action=edit "EasyC" ) or
[MPLAB](/index.php/MPLAB "MPLAB" ). The Vex Controller runs off 7.2 volts, and
is compatibly with both Vex rechargeable battery packs and standard 7.2V hobby
batteries.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Inputs / Output Ports" )]

###  Inputs / Output Ports

The Vex Controller has 16 [Analog](/index.php/Analog "Analog"
)/[Digital](/index.php/Digital "Digital" ) [Input](/index.php/Input "Input"
)/[Output](/index.php/Output "Output" ) Ports, one RX and one TX port, 8
[Pulse-Width-Modulation](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) Motor Ports, and 8
[Interrupt](/index.php/Interrupts "Interrupts" ) Ports. There are also two
(RX1 and RX2) Radio Modem/Tether ports and one Serial Port on the side of the
controller.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Analog / Digital Ports" )]

####  Analog / Digital Ports

In addition to the official VEX sensors, custom sensors (ex.
[Potentiometers](/index.php/Potentiometer "Potentiometer" ), [Infrared Range
Sensors](/index.php?title=Infrared_Range_Sensors&action=edit "Infrared Range
Sensors" ), etc.) may be used with the Vex controller. Devices such as a
[Spike Relay](/index.php/Spike "Spike" ), a pneumatic
[solenoid](/index.php/Solenoid "Solenoid" ), or a
[LED](/index.php?title=LED&action=edit "LED" ) may be controlled via the
Digital Outputs of the Vex Controller

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Interrupt Ports" )]

####  Interrupt Ports

These ports are used to 'Interrupt' the main user program, in the case that a
certain sensor has a much higher frequency than the main program loop. The Vex
Ultrasonic and Optical Shaft Encoders both utilize Interrupt Ports.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Motor Ports" )]

####  Motor Ports

The eight Motor Ports on the Vex Controller use [Pulse-Width-
Modulation](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) to control the Vex Motors and Servos.
Standard hobby [Servos](/index.php/Servo "Servo" ) and the [Speed
Controllers](/index.php/Speed_Controller "Speed Controller" ) used on full-
size FRC robots may also be controlled via the Vex Motor ports.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: VEX Motors and Servos" )]

##  VEX Motors and Servos

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Motors" )]

###  Motors

The standard Vex motors are continuous-rotation, geared, Futaba servo-motors.
They have a maximum speed of 100 RPM. There is no discernible difference in
clockwise and counter-clockwise rotation speeds.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Servos" )]

###  Servos

The Standard Vex servos are limited-rotation, geared, Futaba servo-motors.
They have a maximum rotation of slightly under 180 degrees. The only
discernable difference between a Vex Servo and a standard Futaba servo motor
is merely cosmetic differences.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Sensors" )]

## Sensors

In the current line of Vex parts, there are six official Vex
[sensors](/index.php/Sensor "Sensor" ). These six sensors, include [limit
switches](/index.php/Limit_switch "Limit switch" ), bumper switches, [light
sensors](/index.php?title=Light_sensor&action=edit "Light sensor" ), [line
following](/index.php/Line_following "Line following" ) sensors, [ultrasonic
range finders](/index.php?title=Ultrasonic_range_finder&action=edit
"Ultrasonic range finder" ), and optical [shaft encoders](/index.php/Encoder
"Encoder" ). The Vex limit and bumper switches report a
[digital](/index.php/Digital "Digital" )
[signal](/index.php?title=Signal&action=edit "Signal" ), while the light
sensor and line follower use a [analog](/index.php/Analog "Analog" ) signal.
The Ultrasonic and Optical Shaft Encoders both utilize Interrupt ports when
being programmed. The Ultrasonic part also needs a digital output port to
create the ping pulse.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Pneumatics" )]

## Pneumatics

Although not legal in the 2006 FIRST Vex Challenge,
[VexLabs](/index.php?title=VexLabs&action=edit "VexLabs" ) sells
[pneumatics](/index.php/Pneumatics "Pneumatics" ) kits for the Vex Robotics
System. These consist of a
[accumulator](/index.php?title=Accumulator&action=edit "Accumulator" ),
[regulator](/index.php?title=Regulator&action=edit "Regulator" ),
[solenoids](/index.php/Solenoid "Solenoid" ), and single and double acting
cylinders. The solenoids can be controlled via the [digital
output](/index.php?title=Digital_output&action=edit "Digital output" ) ports
on the Vex Controller. The maximum recommended pressure for the accumulator is
120 PSI. The cylinders have a bore diameter of 10 millimeters, and a bore
stroke of 200 millimeters. (Source: VexLabs [[4]](http://www.vexlabs.com/vex-
robotics-pneumatic-parts.shtml "http://www.vexlabs.com/vex-robotics-pneumatic-
parts.shtml" ))

The Vex pneumatics kits do not contain a onboard
[compressor](/index.php/Compressor "Compressor" ), which means that the
accumulator has to be recharged by an external source of compressed air (such
as a bicycle pump or a FRC compressor). Regulated to the correct pressure, the
accumulator can last for up to 45 cycles of the pneumatic cylinders. (If
double acting cylinders or a higher pressure are used, the maximum number of
cycles drops significantly).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Kit_of_parts_%28FTC%29&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: VexLabs Beta Parts" )]

## VexLabs Beta Parts

To expand the line of available mechanical parts in the Vex kits,
[VexLabs](/index.php?title=VexLabs&action=edit "VexLabs" ) (a subcompany of
[Innovation First, Inc.](/index.php/Innovation_First%2C_Inc. "Innovation
First, Inc." ) began to produce alpha and beta stage prototype mechanical
pieces for possible inclusion into the standard Vex Robotics System kits.
These new pieces include:

  * Linear Slide Pack 
  * 1x1 Left and Right Angle (With Slots) 
  * 1x1 Angle (Without Slots) 
  * 2x2 Angle 
  * 3x3 Angle 
  * 1x2x1 C-Channel 
  * 1x5x1 C-Channel 
  * 2x1 Chassis Rails 
  * 3x2 Chassis Rails 
  * New Chassis Kits 
  * New Threaded Beam Sizes 
  * Threaded Beam Couplers 
  * Longer 8/32 Screws 

