
# FIRSTwiki talk:Community portal

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  
This is a **portal**. It serves to provide the same function as the TOC. Why
have the TOC in the portal, if it just repeats that information, and, IMO,
clutters up the screen. The page could look much better without it. Is it
necessary? This portal is supposed to provide all the links to the meta
content that are needed, anyway. --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls
"User:Mrawls" ) 13:08, 19 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    As you can see, the tables are now more visible/more near the top of the page. The user can more quickly identify the information he is looking for. The TOC just clutters the screen, confusing newcomers (esp. since it is superflous information). --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 13:16, 19 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

* * *

Yeah! Thank you, [SilverStar](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" )!
--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )
09:39, 19 Jun 2004 (EDT)

* * *

We certainly want a page a tad less busy than [Wikipedia:wikipedia:Community
Portal](http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:Community_Portal
"wikipedia:wikipedia:Community_Portal" ) ... but that should be a good start
to some enterprising soul that wants to get this page up and going.
--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 11:19, 11 Jun 2004 (EDT)

Our main page seems like the community portal. --[SilverStar
(Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 00:08, 16 Jun 2004
(EDT)

    I think Community portal is supposed to be like a Main Page for the meta pages. It could probably list every page in the meta toc with brief descriptions and have a simple current events stuff. We could actually use [FIRSTwiki:announcements](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Announcements "FIRSTwiki:Announcements" ) as a template to insert into the page somewhere. I don't know if we have enough meta content yet to warrant such a page, but I'm sure in the future, at some time... --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" ) 00:20, 16 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&action=edit&section=1
"Edit section: Anyone still here?" )]

##  Anyone still here?

Hey, I've been looking around for as while and haven't seen any edits in the
past few months, and I was just wondering if anyone still uses this site so I
know weather or not I'm wasting my time adding anything.
[Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 11:09, 3 February
2007 (EST)

    It appears that people are still updating their robot pages, but not much of the content about FIRST seems to be updated very often... [RoboCats](/index.php/User:1885Cat "User:1885Cat" ) 11:37, 3 February 2007 (EST) 

    

    Ok, just checking, it's good to see someone is here. ^_^ [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 16:13, 3 February 2007 (EST) 


##  User pages vs. People Pages

I've seen on several occations now that users are creating regular pages about
themselves, rather than using the user page. It got me to wondering, what is
the policy on creating pages for people? Can anyone have one or should people
have some important status like having Won the Woodie Flowers Award, or being
an important person in the FIRST community. Trying to find some criteria for
this to help deal with the increasing ammount of pages on people.
[Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 11:49, 27 November
2007 (EST)

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal>"

##### Views

  * [Project page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTwiki_talk:Community_portal&oldid=75512)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 18:37, 13 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 2,800 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

