As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Victor 884

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Victor](/index.php?title=Victor&redirect=no "Victor" ))

Jump to: navigation, search

Victor 884  
---  
  
[![](/media/thumb/a/a2/Victor-884.gif/180px-
Victor-884.gif)](/index.php/Image:Victor-884.gif "" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Victor-884.gif "Enlarge" )  
  
Manufacturer: | [Innovation FIRST](/index.php/Innovation_FIRST "Innovation
FIRST" )  
Product Page: | [Victor Speed
Controller](http://www.vexrobotics.com/products/vexpro/victor-speed-
controller.html "http://www.vexrobotics.com/products/vexpro/victor-speed-
controller.html" )  
Data Sheet: | [884 Users' Manual](http://content.vexrobotics.com/docs/ifi-v884
-users-manual-9-25-06.pdf "http://content.vexrobotics.com/docs/ifi-v884-users-
manual-9-25-06.pdf" )  
The [Control System](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )

**[Logic of a Control System](/index.php/Logic_of_a_control_system "Logic of a control system" )**

  * [Closed loop](/index.php/Closed_loop "Closed loop" )
    * [PID controller](/index.php/PID_controller "PID controller" )
  * [Open loop](/index.php/Open_loop "Open loop" )

**[Parts of a Control System](/index.php/Parts_of_a_control_system "Parts of a control system" )**

  * [Computer](/index.php/Computer "Computer" )
    * [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" )
      * [2010 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282010%29 "Robot Controller \(2010\)" )
      * [2009 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282009%29 "Robot Controller \(2009\)" )
      * [2006 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282006%29 "Robot Controller \(2006\)" )
      * [2004 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282004%29 "Robot Controller \(2004\)" )
      * [2003 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282003%29 "Robot Controller \(2003\)" )
      * [2000 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282000%29 "Robot Controller \(2000\)" )
      * [1996 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281996%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1996\)" )
      * [1993 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281993%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1993\)" )
    * [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
  * [Input](/index.php/Input "Input" )
    * [Operator Interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" )
    * [Joystick](/index.php/Joystick "Joystick" )
  * [Output](/index.php/Output "Output" )
    * **Victor 884**
    * [Spike](/index.php/Spike "Spike" )
    * [Jaguar](/index.php/Jaguar "Jaguar" )
  * [Sensors](/index.php/Sensor "Sensor" )
    * [Encoder](/index.php/Encoder "Encoder" )
    * [Accelerometer](/index.php/Accelerometer "Accelerometer" )
    * [Light sensor](/index.php?title=Light_sensor&action=edit "Light sensor" )
    * [IR sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" )
    * [Gyro](/index.php/Gyro "Gyro" )
    * [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" )  
---  
  
The **Victor 884** is a [speed controller](/index.php/Speed_Controller "Speed
Controller" ) developed by [Innovation FIRST](/index.php/Innovation_FIRST
"Innovation FIRST" ) as an improved version of the [Victor
883](/index.php/Victor_883 "Victor 883" ). The Victor 884 works by reading a
[PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal from a [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ), and adjusting
the effective voltage supplied to the motors accordingly. The Victor 884 was
the only FIRST legal speed controller allowed in the
[2005](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" ) [control
system](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" ).

## Contents

  * 1 Technical
    * 1.1 Use
    * 1.2 Coast/Brake
  * 2 Connections
    * 2.1 Data
    * 2.2 Input
  * 3 Programming  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Technical" )]

## Technical

[![The Victor 884 Speed Controller. Image source: Innovation
FIRST](/media/thumb/a/a2/Victor-884.gif/180px-
Victor-884.gif)](/index.php/Image:Victor-884.gif "The Victor 884 Speed
Controller. Image source: Innovation FIRST" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:Victor-884.gif "Enlarge" )

The Victor 884 Speed Controller. Image source: [Innovation
FIRST](/index.php/Innovation_FIRST "Innovation FIRST" )

The Victor 884 is part of the FIRST [control system](/index.php/Control_system
"Control system" ). The Victor 884 works by recieving a [PWM
signal](/index.php/PWM_signal "PWM signal" ) input from a [robot
controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ), which may
include the (full) [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot
Controller" ), the [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
controller or a [Vex](/index.php/Vex "Vex" ) Controller. Depending on the
range of the [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) signal - with 0 being full reverse,
127 being neutral, and 254 being full forward - the Victor 884 adjusts the
output of the motor accordingly. This achieves a variable speed control for
such applications as [drivetrains](/index.php/Drive_trains "Drive trains" ),
arms, or elevators.

The operating voltage of the Victor 884 ranges from 6V to 15V DC, with a
maximum operating current of 40 amps. The variable output from the Victor 884
ranges from 3% to 100% of full throttle. A cooling fan operated by the input
voltage of the speed controller insures that the Victor 884 is continously
cooled.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Use"
)]

### Use

Although some motors may be run on a [Spike](/index.php/Spike "Spike" ) if
desired, the [CIM motors](/index.php/CIM_motor "CIM motor" ) must use a Victor
884 speed controller. The Victor 884 Speed Controllers may be wired into
either a 30 Amp or 40 Amp [fuse](/index.php?title=Fuse&action=edit "Fuse" ) on
the [breaker panel](/index.php/Breaker_panel "Breaker panel" ) depending on
the motor being used. Each additional motor on a FIRST Competition Robot needs
to have a Victor 884 or [Spike relay](/index.php/Spike_relay "Spike relay" ).

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Coast/Brake" )]

### Coast/Brake

A small jumper on the Victor 884 determines whether the Victor will 'coast' or
'brake' when it stops recieving signal. In 'coast' mode, momentum of the
spinning motor will enable the motor to coast to a stop when it stops
recieving signal. In 'brake' mode, the Victor will short the output terminals
together, providing a resistance to the momentum of the spinning motor. As
such, the motor will come to a stop much more quickly.

Typically, a robot will use 'coast' mode on most drive motors, as abrupt stops
can cause tipping issues. Turrets, arms, and other manipulators should usually
use 'brake' mode, both to help hold a load at its desired position and to aid
in controllability.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Connections" )]

## Connections

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Data"
)]

### Data

A 3-pin [PWM cable](/index.php/PWM_cable "PWM cable" ) connects the Victor 884
to the [robot controller](/index.php/Robot_controller "Robot controller" ). On
the Robot Controller, the PWM cable destined for the Victor 884 speed
controller should be connected to the "[PWM
output](/index.php?title=PWM_output&action=edit "PWM output" )" set of ports.
A [relay extension cable](/index.php?title=Relay_extension_cable&action=edit
"Relay extension cable" ) or a [Y-cable](/index.php?title=Y-cable&action=edit
"Y-cable" ) may be used if the Victor is mounted far away from the Controller
or if one wants a single PWM output port on the Controller to control multiple
Victors.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Input" )]

### Input

The two [input](/index.php/Input "Input" ) terminals on the Victor supply the
power needed to run the speed controller, the cooling fan, and the motor
output. The cooling fan on the Victor 884 should be wired into the two input
terminals. This insures that the speed controller stays cool whenever the
Victor is on. If wired incorrectly to the output terminals, the cooling fan
will only work when the output motor is being driven, which will lead to over
heating and the possible release of [magic smoke](/index.php/Magic_smoke
"Magic smoke" ).

The two input wires must be correctly wired to match their polarity. If the
polarity of the input wires is switched, the speed controller may cease to
function. Sparks, arcing, fire, burning smells, or [magic
smoke](/index.php/Magic_smoke "Magic smoke" ) may indicate that a Victor 884
was wired incorrectly, and hence has also been destroyed.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Programming" )]

## Programming

The [PWM outputs](/index.php?title=PWM_outputs&action=edit "PWM outputs" ) on
the [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ) can be
set across the normal hobby servo range, 1 to 2 ms. The 8-bit PWM channels
used on the PIC microprocessor of the Robot Controller (and Vex controller)
has a resolution of 256 values, which fit in an `unsigned char`. Zero commands
full reverse, 127 commands stop, and 254 commands full forwards. The command
255 should be avoided on older RCs because it acts as a special signal command
when transmitted between the Robot Controller and OI. Newer versions of the RC
seem to have no issue with a 255 command. However, for code portability, 254
should be the maximum value used (besides, using 254 results in symmetric
forward and reverse resolutions).

Note that a neutral PWM command to a factory calibrated Victor consists of a
pulse of about 1.5 ms duration. As such, when no PWM input is applied, the
Victor will detect this and flash it's LEDs yellow.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Victor_884>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Victor_884
"Special:Categories" ): [COTS](/index.php/Category:COTS "Category:COTS" ) |
[Electronics](/index.php/Category:Electronics "Category:Electronics" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Victor_884)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Victor_884&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Victor_884&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Victor_884)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Victor_884)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Victor_884)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Victor_884&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Victor_884&oldid=76710)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 05:05, 21 June 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 10,370 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

