# Talk:Website Design Award

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Edit Tags" )]

##  Edit Tags

Could someone please add the following Tags to the article? I've been trying
to but it's not letting me save changes to this article. The tags are:

[![Image:Gears_animation.gif](/media/1/14/Gears_animation.gif)](/index.php/Ima
ge:Gears_animation.gif "Image:Gears_animation.gif" ) |  **Attention!**  

This article covers an essential topic and is in need of major additions
and/or work.  
Please **[improve](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Desig
n_Award&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Des
ign_Award&action=edit" )** this article.  
  
---|---  
  
[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or section](http://www.firstwiki.net/ind
ex.php?title=Website_Design_Award&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Website_Design_Award&action=edit" )
by expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php?title=Talk_talk:Website_Design_Award&action=edit "Talk
talk:Website Design Award" ) or at [requests for
expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for
expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

[![ ](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif " " ) |  **This article or
section needs to be updated.**  
Parts of this article or section have been identified as no longer being up to
date.  
Please update the article to reflect recent events, and remove this template
when finished. |  [![ ](/media/thumb/5/5f/600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png
/50px-600px-Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png)](/index.php/Image:600px-
Nuvola_apps_important.svg.png " " )  
---|---|---  
  
[![](/media/thumb/3/33/Noedit.png/14px-
Noedit.png)](/index.php/Image:Noedit.png "" )

  
Thank you. [Cbale2000](/index.php/User:Cbale2000 "User:Cbale2000" ) 14:06, 29
May 2007 (EDT)

Retrieved from
"<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Talk:Website_Design_Award>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Talk%3AWebsite_Design
_Award "Special:Categories" ): [Articles that need major
attention](/index.php/Category:Articles_that_need_major_attention
"Category:Articles that need major attention" ) | [Articles to be
expanded](/index.php/Category:Articles_to_be_expanded "Category:Articles to be
expanded" ) | [FIRSTWiki articles in need of
updating](/index.php/Category:FIRSTWiki_articles_in_need_of_updating
"Category:FIRSTWiki articles in need of updating" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Website_Design_Award)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Website_Design_Award)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Talk:Website_Design_Award)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Talk:Website_Design_Award)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Talk:Website_Design_Award)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Talk:Website_Design_Award&oldid=67162)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 11:48, 24 March 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 325 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

