As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Zone Zeal

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 **Zone Zeal**
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 [Co-Opertition FIRST](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST "Co-Opertition FIRST" )
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

[![](/media/thumb/6/60/2002_competition_semifinals.jpg/180px-2002_competition_
semifinals.jpg)](/index.php/Image:2002_competition_semifinals.jpg "" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2002_competition_semifinals.jpg "Enlarge" )

  
**Zone Zeal** was the name of the 2002 season [FIRST game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). 

  

## Contents

  * 1 Field Layout
  * 2 Game Description
  * 3 Tournament Structure
  * 4 Kit Of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Strategies
  * 7 Robots
  * 8 Misc Info
  * 9 Sources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Field
Layout" )]

## Field Layout

In Zone Zeal the field was split up in to 5 Zones. Closest to the drivers
station was the Home Zone. Next was the opponents scoring zone. Then a neutral
zone where the 3 rolling goals started. Next was your scoring zone, followed
by the opponents home zone. The rolling goals were hexagonal about 36" across
and about 5' tall. The sides of the goal were PVC pipe from about 18" on up
and in the center was a larger PVC pipe. The goals could be filled with 8"
soccer balls that were located along the wall (20 per side) in the center of
the field.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: Game
Description" )]

## Game Description

Ten points were awarded for placing the a goal in your scoring zone. 1 point
for each ball in a goal that was in your scoring zone or in the opponents home
zone. And 10 points for each robot touching your home zone. A popular design
this year was the use of measuring tapes to slide back and touch your home
zone.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Tournament Structure" )]

## Tournament Structure

For seeding matches the winning alliance was awarded qualifying points equal
to 3 times the losing alliances score. Mean that if an alliance was completely
shut out in a seeding match the winning alliance would receive no qualifying
points.

During the elimination matches the it was a best of 3 three set. So
elimination match often became a tug of war battle to try and score the
rolling goals.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Kit Of
Parts" )]

## Kit Of Parts

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Rules"
)]

## Rules

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Strategies" )]

## Strategies

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
Robots" )]

## Robots

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: Misc
Info" )]

## Misc Info

  * This was the last year Championships were held at the Epcot center 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [Team 537's description](http://www.team537.com/history.php?year=2002 "http://www.team537.com/history.php?year=2002" )
  * [Team 140's description](http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2002/index.html "http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2002/index.html" )
  * [Team 696's description](http://www.team696.org/2002game.html "http://www.team696.org/2002game.html" )
  * [Team 177's description](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2002.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2002.html" )
  * [Team 237's description](http://www.team237.com/2002game.html "http://www.team237.com/2002game.html" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Zone_Zeal>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Zone_Zeal
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Zone_Zeal)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Zone_Zeal&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Zone_Zeal)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Zone_Zeal)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Zone_Zeal)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Zone_Zeal&oldid=67661)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 00:57, 23 April 2008.
  * This page has been accessed 9,206 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

