As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 1089

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Team Mercury  
---  
[![](/media/thumb/2/2f/1089logo.jpg/150px-
1089logo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1089logo.jpg "" )  
Rookie Year: | 2003  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Hightstown, New Jersey  
School: | Hightstown High School  
Approx. size: |  
Team Website: | <http://www.mercury1089.com>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1089
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1089" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1089
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1089" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1089
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1089" )  
  
  

  

  

  

## Contents

  * 1 Mission Statement
  * 2 About Us
  * 3 General Team Information
  * 4 Robots
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Team Committees
    * 6.1 Web Design Committee
    * 6.2 Spirit Committee
    * 6.3 Records and Business Committee
    * 6.4 Fundraising/Events Planning Committee
    * 6.5 Media Committee
    * 6.6 Robot/Tech and Design Committee
    * 6.7 Programming Committee
    * 6.8 Coach/Mentors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section: Mission
Statement" )]

## Mission Statement

Team Mercury will inspire students to pursue the field of engineering by
forging a partnership with parents, sponsors, and community members. Students
will employ teamwork and organizational skills to simulate the environment of
a small business. Through the development and presentation of a FIRST
competition robot, Team Mercury will engage the community by participating in
local outreach events. Lastly, the team will exemplify the spirit of gracious
professionalism in its communication with all parties influenced by its
projects, and have a blast while doing it!

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: About Us"
)]

## About Us

Hightstown High School's Team Mercury is a dedicated group of students
interested in science, engineering, mechanics, computers, technology and a
plethora of other disciplines. With the help of our gracious sponsors,
[Bristol-Myers Squibb](http://www.bms.com "http://www.bms.com" ), SPECO Tile
&amp; Marble, Inc. and Machine Medic, Team Mercury will again be entering in
the International FIRST Robotics Competition.  

[![QuickSilver 2003](/media/thumb/4/47/03Quicksilver.jpg/180px-
03Quicksilver.jpg)](/index.php/Image:03Quicksilver.jpg "QuickSilver 2003" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:03Quicksilver.jpg "Enlarge" )

QuickSilver 2003

As a rookie team in 2003, HHS Robotics was quickly renamed to Team Mercury,
both in reference to the NASA space team and the silver lacquer of the metals
used for robot construction. The black and silver colored team was then
assigned a competition number 1089, making Team Mercury unique and
identifiable. The 2003 robot was aptly named, “[
Quicksilver](/index.php/Quicksilver_%281089%29 "Quicksilver \(1089\)" ),” a
nickname for mercury itself. Quicksilver could stack boxes, deploy wings to
knock down stacks, and was extremely strong, dominating the field in most of
their rounds. The robot spent most rounds pushing other teams around, and Team
Mercury finished as semi-finalists at the J&amp;J Mid-Atlantic Regional in New
Brunswick, New Jersey.  

  

[![ Team Mercury 2004](/media/thumb/9/9b/2004TeamMercury.JPG/180px-
2004TeamMercury.JPG)](/index.php/Image:2004TeamMercury.JPG " Team Mercury
2004" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2004TeamMercury.JPG "Enlarge" )

Team Mercury 2004

For the 2004 season, Team Mercury created a very speedy robot named [
Quicksilver++](/index.php?title=Quicksilver_Plus_Plus_1089%29&action=edit
"Quicksilver Plus Plus 1089\)" ). It was capable of hanging from a 10-foot
pole, and was successful at many competitions throughout the season. The team
and their robot competed at the NJ Regional in Trenton, NJ and the Chesapeake
Regional in Annapolis, MD. Even through many cabling difficulties with its
mechanical arm, the team managed to successfully push their way through FIRST
Frenzy, the 2004 Competition, finishing as quarter-finalists at the New Jersey
Regional. They went on to compete in off-season events, and won Frenzy Finale
at Bridgewater-Raritan High School with the help of [ Team 19](/index.php/19
"19" ), and [ Team 25](/index.php/25 "25" ).  

  

[![ NJ Regional 2005](/media/thumb/1/1f/1089NJ.JPG/180px-
1089NJ.JPG)](/index.php/Image:1089NJ.JPG " NJ Regional 2005" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1089NJ.JPG "Enlarge" )

NJ Regional 2005

2005 brought out new and tremendous changes for both Team Mercury and their
knowledge of robot building. The team created and developed a theme in
reference to Mercury, the Roman God, and chose to name the 2005 robot [ The
Messenger](/index.php?title=The_Messenger_%281089%29&action=edit "The
Messenger \(1089\)" ). The robot was built to play defense, as well as cap
tetrahedrons (called tetras) on large pyramid-shaped goals. The team finished
as quarter-finalists at the NJ Regional and continued on to the Championship
Event in Atlanta, Georgia. There, competing against 85 teams in the Galileo
division, 1089 finished undefeated and ranked first seed.  

  

[![ NJ Regional 2005](/media/thumb/4/47/1089NJ2.JPG/180px-
1089NJ2.JPG)](/index.php/Image:1089NJ2.JPG " NJ Regional 2005" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1089NJ2.JPG "Enlarge" )

NJ Regional 2005

2006 promises to be an intense season with much more growth and excitement.
This year will be the team's fourth year at Hightstown High School, and the
team is still growing strong! Already they have successfully completed many
fundraisers, also raising money for their adopted charity, the [CJ Foundation
for SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome)](http://www.cjsids.com/
"http://www.cjsids.com/" ). Team Mercury intends to continue raising money and
developing themselves into a role model other FIRST teams might try to
exemplify.  

  
Keep a look out for more incredible accomplishments!  
  
  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: General
Team Information" )]

## General Team Information

[![ Team Mercury 2005](/media/thumb/8/8a/2005TeamMercury.JPG/180px-
2005TeamMercury.JPG)](/index.php/Image:2005TeamMercury.JPG " Team Mercury
2005" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:2005TeamMercury.JPG "Enlarge" )

Team Mercury 2005

Hightstown High School Robotics functions as a team, requiring dedication and
a yearlong work schedule that may sometimes seem long and hectic. Advised by
Mr. Chris Gregory, the students work together to design and build a fully
functioning robot in six short weeks. The robot must be under 120 pounds and
fit in a 28 x 38in box, and will, upon completion be entered into FIRST's
competition. The vital concept in this program is gracious professionalism.
Within the heat of competition or within everyday life, it is important to
respect others and let that respect show in a person’s own actions. In
essence, treat each team with the same amount of respect as you would your own
team.

  
The team was approximately 13 members in 2003, but increased to just over 30
members in the 2005 season, each student interested in working toward
attending the NJ Regional and FIRST's Championship Event in Atlanta, GA. This
year the team continues to grow, improve, and pursue new directions. Before
the competition season begins, students engage in organizational activities
such as fundraising and community relation events to help build team spirit,
unity, and communication. The team divides into committees, each representing
an important facet of the team, such as records and business, computer
programming, robot tech design, team spirit, events planning and the all-
encompassing Chairman’s Award submission.

  
Team Mercury is extremely grateful for the mentor support of [Raider
Robotix](http://www.raiderrobotix.org "http://www.raiderrobotix.org" ), Team
25, from North Brunswick Township High School. 2006 will be NBTHS’s 10th year
in competition, and 1089 graciously thanks them for all their help and support
the past three years. Team Mercury is now striving to parallel the strength,
dedication and incredible success of Team 25.

  

[![ Presentation of Funding](/media/thumb/2/23/CHECK3.JPG/180px-
CHECK3.JPG)](/index.php/Image:CHECK3.JPG " Presentation of Funding" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:CHECK3.JPG "Enlarge" )

Presentation of Funding

While the FIRST Robotics organization is a strong catalyst to students looking
to pursue the field of engineering, it is also rather expensive. 1089 is very
lucky to receive financial support from [Bristol-Myers
Squibb](http://www.bms.com "http://www.bms.com" ), an international
pharmaceuticals and related health care products company. In addition, the
team has raised over $1,400 through its fundraising efforts, and is
continuously finding new ways to raise more. The entrance fee for a
competition alone is $6,000. However, the cost of additional building
materials alone can easily go over $3,000, and when factoring transportation,
hotel rooms, tools, and team memorabilia, costs can quickly add up. An
estimated $20,000 may be necessary for one season of the FIRST Robotics
Competition. Students will also be spending time raising thousands of dollars
to participate in this competition, and your support is always welcome. In
addition to funding, we are always looking for material donations such as
tools, wood, and metal to help alleviate construction costs.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Robots" )]

## Robots

  * [ 2003 - Quicksilver](/index.php/Quicksilver_%281089%29 "Quicksilver \(1089\)" )
  * [ 2004 - Quicksilver++](/index.php?title=Quicksilver_Plus_Plus_%281089%29&action=edit "Quicksilver Plus Plus \(1089\)" )
  * [ 2005 - The Messenger](/index.php?title=The_Messenger_%281089%29&action=edit "The Messenger \(1089\)" )
  * [ 2006 - Silver Lightning](/index.php?title=Silver_Lightning_%281089%29&action=edit "Silver Lightning \(1089\)" )
  * 2007 - Mercury Rising 
  * 2008 - Apollo 
  * 2009 - Apollo II 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section: Sponsors"
)]

## Sponsors

  * Bristol-Myers Squibb 
  * Speco Tile and Marble, Inc. 
  * Machine Medic 
  * CB Thinkx, LLC. 
  * VFW NJ Post 5700 
  * Conair 
  * Shiseido 
  * Cardinal Partners 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section: Team
Committees" )]

## Team Committees

  * Web Design Committee 
  * Spirit Committee 
  * Records and Business Committee 
  * Fundraising/Events Planning Committee 
  * Media Committee 
  * Robot/Tech and Design Committee 
  * Programming Committee 
  * Coach/Mentors 

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section: Web Design
Committee" )]

### Web Design Committee

The role and objective of the website committee is to encourage public
awareness by supplying information to interested parties. The committee
promotes team organization by supplying tools which team members can update,
such as an open forum for communication, a project management script, a
calendar for important deadlines and other key dates, and general news to keep
the public updated. This creates a more efficient and functional FIRST team.
One goal of the website committee is to inform the public about both Team
Mercury and FIRST Robotics. They also exist to help the team operate more
efficiently and provide a public image of the team. Overall the committee
maintains and improves conditions so that Team Mercury and the community at
large can communicate with ease.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section: Spirit
Committee" )]

### Spirit Committee

The spirit committee is essential to the function of all FIRST teams. The goal
of the committee is to teach the public about what FIRST and Team Mercury
represent by presenting information at fundraisers and other local community
events. Through these efforts, the committee gains positive recognition for
both 1089 and FIRST Robotics. Each committee member is also responsible for
promotion and interaction within the FIRST community, including working with
other teams, talking to judges at competitions, and just spreading the message
of gracious professionalism.

  
The role of the committee is to encourage and create a positive atmosphere to
inspire the team, and others, to perform/live graciously. The spirit committee
promotes team unity and team pride, by displaying a tangible image of Team
Mercury to the general public and the FIRST community. The Spirit Committee
drives the energy, excitement and enthusiasm for the team. They use banners,
posters, face paint, glow sticks and other accessories to help
establish/boost/ promote/muster/incite keep the spirit of the team and the
crowd high. Ultimately/Most importantly they create positive belief in and
generate support for 1089 among team members, other students, and the
community at large.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section: Records and
Business Committee" )]

### Records and Business Committee

The main objective of the Records and Business Committee is to organize Team
Mercury and help them function like a corporation rather than a student-run
club. They take minutes at all meetings to document important information and
to inform absent team members about what occurred at the meeting. They manage
all of the money raised at fundraisers or donated to the team, and are,
therefore, responsible for maintaining all expenses, debts, and payments. The
committee is obligated to keep track of all receipts to preserve the proposed
budget and business plan. They keep track of the attendance at each meeting to
record the service hours of each member. In all, the Records and Business
Committee provides unified structure and essential organization for Team
Mercury.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=10 "Edit section:
Fundraising/Events Planning Committee" )]

### Fundraising/Events Planning Committee

The Events Planning committee organizes events, such as fundraisers, community
outreach, and public relations to benefit Team Mercury. They set goals and
plan events to help alleviate the cost of one season of FIRST Robotics, which
can add up to as much as $20,000. Proceeds from certain fundraisers are also
donated to our adopted charity, the CJ Foundation for SIDS
(<http://www.cjsids.com/>). In this way, Team Mercury strives to help others
while helping themselves. The events planning committee aims to make 1089, as
well as the organization of FIRST, well-known throughout the community. They
hope to contribute to making Hightstown a better place, while improving the
team simultaneously. One of the goals of the committee is to offer public
opportunities to learn from FIRST, just as Team Mercury does each year.

  
Extending beyond year-round responsibilities, this committee also takes upon
the task of writing multiple awards submissions for competitions. We
coordinate with other committees in order to attain the maximum amount of
quality information and ensure the best entries possible. Two of these
submissions are for the Chairman’s Award and the Woodie Flowers Award. These
are two of the most prestigious awards given by FIRST. By writing and
submitting both of these awards, Team Mercury is showing dedication not only
to Hightstown’s robotics program, but also to FIRST and the local community.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=11 "Edit section: Media
Committee" )]

### Media Committee

The role of the Media Committee is to portray a positive visual image of Team
Mercury. They gather and produce information including: photographs,
brochures, flyers, posters, and other important documents to advertise for
Team Mercury. They are responsible for maintaining and organizing all of their
photos, promotional videos, and slideshows, to make them available for other
committees. The Media Committee would like to achieve all awareness throughout
the community and school, and spread the message of FIRST by promoting
upcoming events, such as fundraisers and FIRST regional events. They would
like the entire team to have access to all of the necessary pictures and
videos at a moments notice. If these goals can be accomplished the public will
have a better understanding of Team Mercury and FIRST Robotics through a
visual presentation.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=12 "Edit section: Robot/Tech
and Design Committee" )]

### Robot/Tech and Design Committee

The Robot/Tech and Design Committee designs, builds, and tests a variety of
simple and complex machines and components. Year-round the committee members
build individual components for the purpose of prototyping. These prototypes
are then tested and refined until the designed task is efficiently achieved.
During build season, the team is asked to present ideas, sketches, drawings
and supporting documentation, and if possible, AutoCad and Inventor drawings
for new designs. As a result, the Robot/Tech and Design Committee assesses the
proposals, with the guidance of the coach and mentors, and presents their
possible solutions to the game task. They then take the information from the
team and build the final robot, incorporating all discussed ideas found to be
beneficial toward the design of the machine to achieve the goal.

  
The Robot/Tech and Design Committee facilitates and fosters an environment
where each team member’s input is valued. There are also many values learned
and taught in the Robot/Tech and Design Committee. They promote the ideas of
safety, critical thinking, project management, and gracious professionalism.
They also offer all members the possibility to learn all aspects and functions
of the robot. The team, in building the final competition robot, learns the
pitfalls and successes of each design.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=13 "Edit section:
Programming Committee" )]

### Programming Committee

The Programming Committee will be partly responsible for defining robot
operation. They will create the control and autonomous routines of the machine
required for effective gameplay. The committee provides a vital service to the
team which is half the battle of making an efficient robot. Additionally, they
will research new features and devices, including sensors and cameras, to
further enhance our robot's capabilities.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=1089&action=edit&section=14 "Edit section:
Coach/Mentors" )]

### Coach/Mentors

The role and objective of a mentor is to inspire students to create, evolve
and grow through use of science and technology. By doing so, mentors strive to
help students become more than they already are. Mentors teach and guide
students in communication, teamwork, and marketing, as well as designing,
building, and operating a robot. They also impart life skills that will serve
the students not only today and within the confines of FIRST Robotics, but
throughout their entire life and professional career.

  
One mentor goal is to actively share wisdom and knowledge with the students to
foster intellectual growth. A mentor exists to coach, teach, and observe
students while remaining ready to step in as needed. He or She is expected to
facilitate instruction and allow students to do the majority of the work. It
is the job of the mentor to nurture the students and create an environment to
facilitate the greatest student achievement. A mentor facilitates
opportunities for fund raising and community outreach, promoting and spreading
the message of FIRST in both team activities and outside engagements.

  
It is also important for the mentor to provide an atmosphere of open
communication and trust where the students are empowered to think creatively,
independently, and voice their opinions. A mentor is expected to show trust
and respect to every student, while fostering the same trust and respect in
themselves. They are expected to be positive role models for students and
provide that model through example, as well as strive to maintain a positive
attitude and optimistic outlook at all times. As a result, a mentor will have
a profoundly positive impact on the students, the schools, and the community.

  

  

_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )
[3001-3100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3001-3100 "Index of teams" )
[3101-3200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3101-3200 "Index of teams" )
[3201-3300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3201-3300 "Index of teams" )
[3301-3400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3301-3400 "Index of teams" )
[3401-3500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3401-3500 "Index of teams" )
[3501-3600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3501-3600 "Index of teams" )
[3601-3700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3601-3700 "Index of teams" )
[3701-3800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3701-3800 "Index of teams" )
[3801-3900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3801-3900 "Index of teams" )
[3901-4000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3901-4000 "Index of teams" )
[4001-4100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#4001-4100 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
