

# Sensor

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The [Control System](/index.php/Control_system "Control system" )

**[Logic of a Control System](/index.php/Logic_of_a_control_system "Logic of a control system" )**

  * [Closed loop](/index.php/Closed_loop "Closed loop" )
    * [PID controller](/index.php/PID_controller "PID controller" )
  * [Open loop](/index.php/Open_loop "Open loop" )

**[Parts of a Control System](/index.php/Parts_of_a_control_system "Parts of a control system" )**

  * [Computer](/index.php/Computer "Computer" )
    * [Robot Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" )
      * [2010 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282010%29 "Robot Controller \(2010\)" )
      * [2009 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282009%29 "Robot Controller \(2009\)" )
      * [2006 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282006%29 "Robot Controller \(2006\)" )
      * [2004 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282004%29 "Robot Controller \(2004\)" )
      * [2003 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282003%29 "Robot Controller \(2003\)" )
      * [2000 RC](/index.php/Robot_Controller_%282000%29 "Robot Controller \(2000\)" )
      * [1996 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281996%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1996\)" )
      * [1993 RC](/index.php?title=Robot_Controller_%281993%29&action=edit "Robot Controller \(1993\)" )
    * [Robovation](/index.php/Robovation "Robovation" )
  * [Input](/index.php/Input "Input" )
    * [Operator Interface](/index.php/Operator_Interface "Operator Interface" )
    * [Joystick](/index.php/Joystick "Joystick" )
  * [Output](/index.php/Output "Output" )
    * [Victor 884](/index.php/Victor_884 "Victor 884" )
    * [Spike](/index.php/Spike "Spike" )
    * [Jaguar](/index.php/Jaguar "Jaguar" )
  * **Sensors**
    * [Encoder](/index.php/Encoder "Encoder" )
    * [Accelerometer](/index.php/Accelerometer "Accelerometer" )
    * [Light sensor](/index.php?title=Light_sensor&action=edit "Light sensor" )
    * [IR sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" )
    * [Gyro](/index.php/Gyro "Gyro" )
    * [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" )  
---  
  
A **sensor** is a device that detects, or _senses_, the surrounding
environment. In terms of robotics, and specifically [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST
"FIRST" ), sensors enable the [robot](/index.php/Robot "Robot" ) to better
understand what is around it and how to react. The types of sensors used in
FIRST are electrical, meaning that they send signals to the [Robot
Controller](/index.php/Robot_Controller "Robot Controller" ) that is then
converted into some value for use by the program. There are two main types of
sensors, [analog](/index.php/Analog "Analog" ) and
[digital](/index.php/Digital "Digital" ). An analog sensor, such as a
[potentiometer](/index.php/Potentiometer "Potentiometer" ), will have a value
in the range of 0 to 1023 (10 bits). A digital sensor, such as a [limit
switch](/index.php/Limit_switch "Limit switch" ), is much more limited, only
having _off_ and _on_ states, represented by 0 and 1.

Sensors are important aspects of [programming](/index.php/Programming
"Programming" ), allowing truly complex robots that can react intelligently to
dynamic situations. The use of advanced sensors is often necessary to devlop
an effective [autonomous mode](/index.php/Autonomous_mode "Autonomous mode" ),
though many other uses are possible. Sensors can count the number of rotations
of a particular wheel and then the program can adjust speed based on this
information; sensors can determine whether some apendage is fully extended,
and then shut off power to a motor; sensors can allow the robot to avoid
objects that the robot [operator](/index.php/Operator "Operator" ) might not
see.

The sensors included in the [kit of parts](/index.php/Kit_of_parts "Kit of
parts" ) are:

  * [IR sensor](/index.php/IR_sensor "IR sensor" )
  * [Banner sensor](/index.php?title=Banner_sensor&action=edit "Banner sensor" )
  * [Gyroscope](/index.php/Gyroscope "Gyroscope" )
  * [Current sensor](/index.php/Current_sensor "Current sensor" )
  * [Pressure sensor](/index.php/Pressure_switch "Pressure switch" )
  * [Accelerometer](/index.php/Accelerometer "Accelerometer" )
  * A vision system, currently the [CMUcam2](/index.php/CMUcam2 "CMUcam2" ). 
  * [Encoder](/index.php/Encoder "Encoder" )

See [electronics rules](/index.php?title=Electronics_rules&action=edit
"Electronics rules" ) for information on where and which sensors may be
bought, and the price limit on them.


### Resources

  * [Dean Kamen](/index.php/Dean_Kamen "Dean Kamen" ) talks [about sensors](http://www.sensorsmag.com/articles/0503/6/main.shtml "http://www.sensorsmag.com/articles/0503/6/main.shtml" )
  * [Digikey homepage](http://www.sensorsmag.com/articles/0503/6/main.shtml "http://www.sensorsmag.com/articles/0503/6/main.shtml" )

