# Scorpius (1073)

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Scorpius** was the robot built by Team [1073](/index.php/1073 "1073" ) in 2004 for [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" ). 

[![Scorpius in action](/media/thumb/5/50/1073_Scorpius2.jpg/180px-
1073_Scorpius2.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1073_Scorpius2.jpg "Scorpius in action"
)

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1073_Scorpius2.jpg "Enlarge" )

Scorpius in action

## Contents

  * 1 Pre-build
  * 2 Build
  * 3 Accomplishments
    * 3.1 Manchester Regional 2004
  * 4 Robot
    * 4.1 Robot Functions
    * 4.2 Robot Strategy  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Pre-build" )]

## Pre-build

_stuff like getting sponsors and projects that got incorporated into this
year's robot._

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Build" )]

## Build

Team FORCE entered its sophomore year with enthusiasm and skill, but without
cohesive cooperation among the sub-teams. This was greatly amplified and made
abundantly apparent during heated discussion about the proper approach to the
robot's design. The primary source of the conflict was discrepancy between
what the Strategy team wanted and what the Design team deemed feasible. This
conflict consumed nearly the entire first week and was a severe blow to
progress early on. Ultimately, the design approach was determined by a vote
among the entire team and progress began. The Design team was then given its
rightful prerogative in designing while Strategy minded their proper concerns.
Following the rough beginning, the team progressed quickly and designed the
robot very fast, leading to full-size mockups by the third week and a moving
chassis by the fourth.

There was no corral mechanism by the unveiling event at Nashua High School
North, but Scorpius demonstrated its superior maneuverability and speed. The
robot was finished in time for the competition in Manchester without time to
spare, but with slightly less last-minute panic than in other years.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Accomplishments" )]

## Accomplishments

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Manchester Regional 2004" )]

### Manchester Regional 2004

_general description of how it went_

  * Seeding 
  * elimination round 
  * awards 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Robot" )]

## Robot

[![Scorpius during gameplay](/media/thumb/1/15/1073_Scorpius1.jpg/180px-
1073_Scorpius1.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1073_Scorpius1.jpg "Scorpius during
gameplay" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1073_Scorpius1.jpg "Enlarge" )

Scorpius during gameplay

The robot is positioned with its wider dimension forward and a large section
cut out of the front, large enough for two 13-inch rubber balls used in the
game. The general strategy for the robot was to gather balls and return them
to the human player, all the while ignoring the bar in the center of field. At
the front of the robot were two caster wheels for maximum maneuverability and
hinges for the corral mechanism. The corral was attached to the hinges and
controlled via a chain connecting to a motor in the body of the chassis. On
the corral itself was a special roller with a one-way clutch that allowed it
to roll over and collect balls while preventing them from getting out. The
corral could contain four balls at any time and used additional rollers to
keep them from getting wedged under the chassis. When the corral bar raised, a
level mechanism attached to it would push the balls out for the human player
to retrieve.

In the rear of the chassis were two 8-inch drive wheels, each one connected to
a Chiaphua CIM motor and transmission. Combined with the forward casters, the
independently-driven wheels allowed for high manueverability and zero turn
radius. Mounted on the center of the chassis was a beam with a Globe motor
mounted halfway up. At the top of the beam was a bearing-mounted plastic-
coverd styrogoam arm, which was chained to the globe motor. This particularly
vicious-looking attachement was used to remove the 37-inch bonus balls during
the match. In fact, the arm was decorated with flashing lights inside.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Robot Functions" )]

### Robot Functions

  * Collected four 13-inch rubber balls 
  * Ejected balls for human player to retrieve 
  * Knocked bonus ball out of movable goal 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Robot Strategy" )]

### Robot Strategy

  * Collect four balls 
  * Return balls to human player 
  * Knock out bonus ball 

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Scorpius_%281073%29>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Scorpius_%281073%29
"Special:Categories" ): [1073](/index.php/Category:1073 "Category:1073" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Scorpius_%281073%29)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Scorpius_\(1073\))

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Scorpius_%281073%29)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Scorpius_%281073%29)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Scorpius_%281073%29&oldid=49206)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 19:44, 20 July 2006.
  * This page has been accessed 710 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

