

# 8

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Paly Robotics  
---  
[![Team logo](/media/4/49/Palyrobotics.jpg)](Image:Palyrobotics.jpg
"Team logo" )  
Rookie Year: | 1996  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Palo Alto, CA, USA  
School: | Palo Alto High School  
Approx. size: | 40  
Team Website: | <http://www.palyrobotics.com>  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/8 "http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/8"
) · [TBA page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/8
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/8" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc8
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc8" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Team projects
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Accomplishments
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Members List
    * 6.1 Students
    * 6.2 Alumni
    * 6.3 Mentors  
---  
  

## History

**This history needs to be split into seperate articles.**   
This section should be for general history, such as formation, general growth,
etc.  
Expanded yearly history should go into a team-year artical, see the
[formats](FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ) page
for help.  
---  
  
Palo Alto High School was the second team on the West Coast to field a
robotics team in 1996. Along with Woodside High, Paly fielded a wooden and
steel angle iron robot that was completely disassembled and shipped "UPS"
style to Florida. Even though it barely moved, it was a completely student-
built robot which set the Paly "100% student built" standard for years to
come.

Our second year effort produced a triangular pvc frame with an pincher arm for
raising balls. This year set the stage for our once "bulletproof" four wheel
drill motor drive train design. In 1998 the robot design was revised to
perform a similar task but incorporated a telescoping aluminum arm and an
improved drive train. In 1999 we attempted a new design with a unique walking
drive train and a scissor lift. This was one of our most reliable robots to
date. The year 2000 robot was an attempt to solve all phases of the
competition but produced unsuccessful results. The robot had to be completely
redesigned in the pit area of the regional competition to successfully
accomplish just 2 functions out of 4.

In 2001 we had another very successful year with our first real bulletproof
drive train which took us to 17th place in the nation! It was our most
reliable robot overall and also the simplest to build.

Over the years, our animation team has produced excellent results with the
highlight being an honorable mention in 1998, and second place in SJC in 2003
(We had music licensing issues, forcing us to gain a license from the Elvis
estate). We continue to hope for a win in this area as our animators have
excellent talent. We look forward to improving our technique and ability every
year.

Our team, though traditionally very competitive, is on a comeback tour after a
humiliating last place finish in the 2004 "First Frenzy" national competition.
Suffering from lack of concrete design, top heavy and badly engineered, our
2004 robot has secured its place in our hearts as the worst robot to ever come
out of Paly. Learning from our mistakes and the K.I.S.S. principle, our 2005
robot underwent a total redesign, incorporating a 6-wheel drive train and
placing 70% of the weight below 6 inches. Our work paid off with a 6th seed,
and a winning bout in the Quarterfinals teamed with M.A. Robotics and
Archbishop Mitty. After the very successful debut of the new drive train used
in the 2005 robot, a revamped version of that solid machine drove our robot on
the path to great success in "Aim High." After a slightly disappointing finish
in the Silicon Valley Regional - out alliance lost in the Quarter Finals - we
set out to conquer Vegas. Showcasing major defensive qualities complemented by
unreliable scoring, our robot went unnoticed until the last pick of the last
round, when teams 25 and 987 picked us as the third alliance member. Our
alliance steamrolled through the competition due to 25's and 987's scoring
capabilities and our solid defense. Winning the tournament stage without a
loss, the 2006 Las Vegas Regional was the first regional championship every
for Team 8.

In 2007 we fielded Thor, with a strong drive train in the Paly tradition, and
a modular scoring system. For the Silicon Valley Regional we went with our
elegant four-bar arm which allowed us to score on all three goals on both the
front and back sides of the robot. It turned out to be unnecessarily
complicated, and led to a 47th seed and no alliance selection. Two weeks of
soul-searching before the Las Vegas Regional turned the team to another
single-pivot arm that had been lying around in the shop from earlier in build
season. Vegas yielded a 33rd seed and a selection by the #5 alliance.
(Scouting, done properly for the first time in team history, indicated that we
were the #12 scorer in Friday's matches.) This alliance went on to defeat the
#4 alliance in the quarterfinals before losing to the #1 alliance (with the #2
seed tagging along) in the semis. It was a successful season, and one that we
hope to build on for next year.


## Team projects

  * FIRST 
  * Botball 
  * SF Flugtag 
  * MIT-Lemelson InvenTeam 


## Robots

  * [2007 - Thor](/index.php?title=Thor_%288%29&action=edit "Thor \(8\)" )
  * [2006 - Phoenix](/index.php?title=Pheonix_%288%29&action=edit "Pheonix \(8\)" )
  * [2005 - Ganginator](/index.php?title=Ganginator_%288%29&action=edit "Ganginator \(8\)" )


## Accomplishments

  * 4th Place 2010 Portland Regional 
  * 3rd Place 2007 Las Vegas Regional 
  * Winner 2006 Las Vegas Regional 
  * 3rd Place 2005 Silicon Valley Regional (From 6th seed) 
  * 3rd Place 2003 Silicon Valley Regional 
  * 3rd Place 2003 Southern California Regional 


## Sponsors

**[Become a sponsor](http://www.palyrobotics.com/sponsors.html "http://www.palyrobotics.com/sponsors.html" )**

  * [IDEO](http://www.ideo.com "http://www.ideo.com" )
  * Santa Clara ROP 


## Members List


### Students

  * Note: This list is out of date. It will be updated soon. 
  * Guy Davidson - 2008 
  * David Fisher - 2009 
  * Mike Fronowski - 2007 
  * Daniel Fukuba - 2008 
  * Patrick Horn - 2007 
  * Daniel Rahamim - 2009 
  * Noah Rogers - 2007 
  * Ben Setel - 2009 
  * Anna Stang - 2009 
  * Sarah Stone - 2009 
  * Blake Tacklind - 2010 
  * Mike Tramiel - 2008 


### Alumni

  * Faraz Jaffer - UC Irvine, Class of 2010 
  * Robbie Stone - University of California, San Diego, Class of 2007 
  * Cameron Tacklind - Santa Barbara City College, Class of 2010 
  * Clark Wilison - UC Santa Barbara, Class of 2010 


### Mentors

  * Doug Bertain (Coach) 
  * Chris Tacklind (Engineer) 
_[Index of teams](Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
