

# User:Hallry/Suggestions

### From FIRSTwiki

&lt; [User:Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" )

Jump to: navigation, search

Hello, and thank you for helping to revive the FIRSTwiki! We all must
contribute to help improve this site, so if you have any suggestions on what
we can do to make it better, please feel free to add them below!
--[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 12:25, 4 June 2011 (EDT)

* * *

## Contents

  * 1 Suggestions by Member
    * 1.1 Footnote system
  * 2 Suggestions by Chris857
  * 3 Suggestions by Nathan Hui
  * 4 CAD Suggestion Thienquan  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Hallry/Suggestions&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Suggestions by Member" )]

## Suggestions by Member

  * Left column items under the ball are not placed correctly. They only show after the body of the article has been displayed. I suspect this is a simple change to served article template or formula.[Bill_B](/index.php/User:Bill_B "User:Bill B" ) 28 Feb 2011 
    * Sorry to butt in, but I'm not sure I see the problem you're referring too, Bill_B. I suspect you're referring to the loading sequence of the objects on the page, which in that case is a MediaWiki problem, which may be fixed in the next software update. If not, then my guess would be a problem in the setup of the PHP code in the MediaWiki software, which I don't think is currently accessible. -[Nathan Hui](/index.php/User:Nathan_Hui "User:Nathan Hui" ) 23:12, 28 February 2012 (CST) 
  * The front page needs to be re-done. There's a ton of whitespace, and I think the featured article and "what's happening now" boxes should be in a column next to the "brose by topic" box. I think the front page should also have a few more pictures. 

    Agreed, this will be my first project after updating the site's software. [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 10:46, 8 June 2011 (EDT) 

  * There needs to be more consistent formatting across articles. 

    Yes, we need to make more templates, and have a page displaying how to use them properly. We currently have [FIRSTwiki:New users page](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:New_users_page "FIRSTwiki:New users page" ), [FIRSTwiki:Page formats](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Page_formats "FIRSTwiki:Page formats" ), [FIRSTwiki:Policies and guidelines](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Policies_and_guidelines "FIRSTwiki:Policies and guidelines" ), [FIRSTwiki:Style guide](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Style_guide "FIRSTwiki:Style guide" ), and that we should fix up. [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 10:46, 8 June 2011 (EDT) 

  * The most important thing, I think, is to build a community on this site. For example, we can release a new featured article once a week and post it on ChiefDelphi. We would make sure that the article is fully-featured before posting so that it looks polished, and we can ask CD posters to give feedback and contribute. 

    That's a great idea, I think we could make a great community on this site and turn it into a large resource for teams next season. [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 10:46, 8 June 2011 (EDT) 

  * These are just my personal preferences: after you guys update the software, you should enable the new Vector theme, which is the same theme Wikipedia uses. It would make the site look updated, since it's been using the same theme for years. Also, you should enable [MWSuggest](http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:$wgEnableMWSuggest "http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:$wgEnableMWSuggest" ), which is the autocomplete for Wikipedia. It makes browsing a wiki site soooo much faster! 

    We have a list of things to add software-wise after the update, I'll add this to it! [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 10:46, 8 June 2011 (EDT) 

Hope things are going well. --[Member](/index.php/User:Member "User:Member" )
16:39, 5 June 2011 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Hallry/Suggestions&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Footnote system" )]

### Footnote system

I noticed that there wasn't a system for citations on this website. I think it
would be nice to have a footnote system going on this wiki; it would create a
more organized and standard system for citing sources. I did some research and
found that MediaWiki does not have such a feature on by default. You need to
install [the Cite extension](http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Cite
"http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Cite" ). Again, I hope things are
going well. I hope you and your team are having a great summer. :)
[Member](/index.php/User:Member "User:Member" ) 23:47, 7 June 2011 (EDT)

    We hope to have it updated soon, we're just waiting on Max's reply. I hope you're having a great one too (even though my school still has two more weeks...), and I'll add this to the list as well! [Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 10:46, 8 June 2011 (EDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Hallry/Suggestions&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Suggestions by Chris857" )]

## Suggestions by Chris857

Spam

Looking at the recent changes page, is there a good way to reduce spammers on
the wiki?

Wikipedia

I've been working to maintain FIRST articles on Wikipedia, and collaboration
between there and here would be good. Any useful pictures could be shared,
along with verifiable info about FIRST. [Chris857](/index.php/User:Chris857
"User:Chris857" ) 21:13, 19 September 2011 (CDT)

    Chris, 
    We are currently working on the spam issue, hoping that by creating a CAPTCHA it will be significantly reduced. This (and the rest of the software updates) will happen soon. As for the Wikipedia collaboration, I don't know if that is possible due to the liscence our wiki has. I will look into it, but I don't think we can. --[Hallry](/index.php/User:Hallry "User:Hallry" ) 23:23, 19 September 2011 (CDT) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Hallry/Suggestions&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Suggestions by Nathan Hui" )]

## Suggestions by Nathan Hui

  * Spam 
    * Utilize a Manually Confirmed User group, or a tenured editor group. Most spammers won't bother editing if they can't edit immediately, so place a 3 day wait time on new users. Then, disallow new pages for the next few days, and disallow uploads for a month. The problem is that you still need server access for that to happen. [Nathan Hui](/index.php/User:Nathan_Hui "User:Nathan Hui" ) 10:35, 8 January 2012 (CST) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Hallry/Suggestions&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: CAD Suggestion Thienquan" )]

## CAD Suggestion Thienquan

  * As I browsed through the wiki, I thought about how it would be helpful to have, along with the concepts, a link/table for a suggested BOM for that concept and an accompanying CAD file, it might make it easier for teams to design their robot, or make modifications on an existing CAD. 

