# User talk:Astronouth7303

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

How come your gmail e-mail shows up as go.com?
--[Sciencewhiz](/index.php/User:Sciencewhiz "User:Sciencewhiz" ) 10:02, 20 Jun
2004 (EDT)

    oops, my bad. It isn't automatic, I just forgot to change the caption! --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 18:33, 20 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

* * *

Nice save of 1257. --[SilverStar (Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar
"User:SilverStar" ) 22:39, 16 Jun 2004 (EDT)

I did it, I was the first to block some one. Please state differing oppinions
here. --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303"
) 19:26, 13 Jun 2004 (EDT)

    Why do you put messages in bold and all-caps? Yelling/threatening has no place on the wiki. Opinions can be expressed just as effectively by putting messages in bold. A quiet block is better than a rageful block. --[SilverStar (Advay)](/index.php/User:SilverStar "User:SilverStar" ) 20:46, 13 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    

    Check some of his, err, 'contributions'. I feel I was justified. Does a father speak softly to his son after finding out that he's doing drugs? --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" ) 20:49, 13 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Well, does yelling at the son doing drugs make him decide he was wrong more than talking peacefully? Calm discussion can often lead trolls to the light, while yelling at them just feeds the flames, and is exactly what they want (to get on your nerves). Don't let 'em do that to you, and usually they'll go away or convert to the light side. Incidentally, I believe SilverStar was trying to say, Speak softly and carry a big stick.  :D --[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 20:57, 13 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Hrm, after looking at a few of the contributions I can see why you made that decision. For future banning, though, it would probably be good practice to have some page that describes the specific reasons for banning; i.e., links to the specific articles that were vandalized (history) to make it quicker to check. Not that you or any other sysop is considered untrustworthy ... but with an action such as blocking, we'd want as many of us making sure it was the right decision as possible. _Also, a sidenote, can a blocked IP still read the wiki, or are they completely blocked from the server?_ \--[Mrawls](/index.php/User:Mrawls "User:Mrawls" ) 19:40, 13 Jun 2004 (EDT) 

    Yes, quite a few 'contributions.' :rolleyes: Here's a page: [Why we blocked](/index.php/Why_we_blocked "Why we blocked" ). (No, I don't know if blocked IPs can view) --[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )

* * *

Is [this comment](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Nominations_for_adminship
"FIRSTwiki:Nominations for adminship" ) a vote for Brandon or just a comment?
And, if its a vote, it needs to be moved to "Support" and the heading needs to
be changed to "1/0/0". --[SilverStar](/index.php/User:SilverStar
"User:SilverStar" ) 23:06, 8 Jun 2004 (EDT)

* * *

Sorry. Trillian doesn't complain if a IM window you hide has new messages.
--[Astronouth7303](/index.php/User:Astronouth7303 "User:Astronouth7303" )
19:10, 29 May 2004 (EDT)

* * *

Why have you been copying all the format pages to the Template namespace (and
giving them different names?) The template namespace is for content that is
inserted into other pages. The previous organization on the FIRSTwiki
namespace is more appropriate. --[Max](/index.php/User:Max "User:Max" )
[[1257](/index.php/1257 "1257" )] 14:18, 16 May 2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Astronouth7303&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Lego Mindstorms Page" )]

##  Lego Mindstorms Page

Just curious about this page [Lego Mindstorms](/index.php/Lego_Mindstorms
"Lego Mindstorms" ). It seems a little too technical to me. I would say
perhaps PBrick should be its own page and this page should be a little
simpler? If you don't object I'll take a stab at it. Feel free to revert if
you disagree.--[PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" ) 15:49, 17
May 2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Astronouth7303&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: FLL Categories" )]

##  FLL Categories

I noticed your changing the category scheme (for example Connecticut, USA vs.
just Connecticut). These edits seem a bit arbitrary to me. It is also breaking
a navigation scheme I'm working on for the FLL pages in an attempt to make
this as easy and transparent for new FLL users to edit. My plan is to...

  1. Finish a set of template pages and navigation pages for FLL 
  2. Post a notice in the Village Pump or Community Decisions page asking others to Vet it 
  3. Invite FLL World Festival Attendees to create their team pages (and event pages where possible) 

If all goes well, when the new season starts (and the FLL forum opens) invite
all FLL teams to participate. Take a look at these three pages...

  * [Category:FLL_teams](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL teams" ), [FLL_Teams_by_Location](/index.php/FLL_Teams_by_Location "FLL Teams by Location" ), [FLL_Teams_by_Year_Founded](/index.php/FLL_Teams_by_Year_Founded "FLL Teams by Year Founded" )

all linked off of the home page. In particular if you note on the by location
page that there is really no ambiguity there. And in any case there is not
that I'm aware of any major conflict between US state names and other
countries or states in other countries. Also, for now and the foreseeable
future non-US FLL teams are very used to thinking about FLL teams by state as
that is how it is presented at the World Festival.
Thoughts??--[PeterFll](/index.php/User:PeterFll "User:PeterFll" ) 16:06, 3 Jun
2005 (EDT)

[[edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Astronouth7303&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Uploading a logo" )]

##  Uploading a logo

Hey dude how do we upload logos? This is way to difficult to do.

We uploaded a logo here: ![team2037logovw1.png](http://img292.imageshack.us/im
g292/5050/team2037logovw1.png) for Team 2037 (Twisted Logic).

Thanks.

~Crystal

