As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# FLL Awards

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Awards are presented at [FLL Events](/index.php/Category:FLL_Events
"Category:FLL Events" ) to recognize the success of FLL teams in various areas
such as robot design, performance in the robot game, quality of research
project, etc. These awards can vary slightly from tournament to tournament as
FLL State partners are given some leeway.

Here are the most common awards. Refer to the [Awards
Page](http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/fll/content.aspx?id=770
"http://usfirst.org/roboticsprograms/fll/content.aspx?id=770" ) for more
detailed descriptions.

## Contents

  * 1 Champions Award
  * 2 Technical Awards
    * 2.1 Robot Design Awards
    * 2.2 Robot Performance Award
  * 3 Team Performance Awards
    * 3.1 Project Awards
    * 3.2 Teamwork Award
  * 4 Special Recognition Awards
    * 4.1 Outstanding Volunteer Award
    * 4.2 Adult Coach/Mentor Award
    * 4.3 Young Adult Coach/Mentor Award
  * 5 Judges Awards
    * 5.1 Against All Odds Award
    * 5.2 Team Spirit Award
    * 5.3 Other Judge's Awards  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Champions Award" )]

## Champions Award

Formerly known as the Directors Award, this award is presented to the best
overall team. Typically criteria is a combination of Robot Performance, Robot
Technical Design (including programming), Teamwork, and Research Project in
equal measure with FLL Values used as the tie breaker.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Technical Awards" )]

## Technical Awards


### Robot Design Awards

Awarded to the team whose robot excels in the areas of innovative design,
robust design, and innovative and robust programming. Larger tournaments may
break these into three or four separate categories.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section: Robot
Performance Award" )]

### Robot Performance Award

Given to the team with the high score in the Robot Game.


## Team Performance Awards

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=6 "Edit section:
Project Awards" )]

### Project Awards

These awards are given to the teams whose project reflect quality research,
innovative solutions and creative presentation. Larger tournaments may have
three categories of awards. Smaller tournaments may just have one.


### Teamwork Award

Given to the team that best reflects enthusiasm, partnership, and respect
within their team.


## Special Recognition Awards

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=9 "Edit section:
Outstanding Volunteer Award" )]

### Outstanding Volunteer Award

To honor outstanding volunteers


### Adult Coach/Mentor Award

To award an adult coach or mentor whose influence was most obvious in the
judges conversations with the team.


### Young Adult Coach/Mentor Award

To award a young adult (high school through college) coach or mentor whose
influence was most obvious in the judges conversations with the team.


## Judges Awards

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=13 "Edit section:
Against All Odds Award" )]

### Against All Odds Award

Given to the team that overcame unusual odds or situations to do attend or do
well at the competition.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=14 "Edit section: Team
Spirit Award" )]

### Team Spirit Award

Rewards a team that shows a commitment to getting others to see how much fun
science and technology can be when you are on a great team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=FLL_Awards&action=edit&section=15 "Edit section:
Other Judge's Awards" )]

### Other Judge's Awards

Gives judges an opportunity to recognize teams where no standard award quite
fits or perhaps where an award was especially close.

