# FIRSTColumbus2006

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_The Bananos_  
---  
[![Mr. Banano](/media/8/85/Banano.jpg)](/index.php/Image:Banano.jpg "Mr.
Banano" )  
Rookie Year: | 2006  
US State Or Country: | GA  
City: | Columbus, GA  
School: | Columbus  
[http://www.FIRSTColumbusLego.com](http://www.FIRSTColumbusLEGO.org
"http://www.FIRSTColumbusLEGO.org" )  
  
Find other [FLL teams founded in
2006](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams_founded_in_2006 "Category:FLL teams
founded in 2006" )

Find other [FLL teams from
GA](/index.php?title=Category:FLL_teams_from_GA&action=edit "Category:FLL
teams from GA" )

Find other [FLL Teams by Name](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL
teams" )

  

## Contents

  * 1 FLICKR Photos
  * 2 Awards and Recognition
  * 3 Special projects
  * 4 Members List
    * 4.1 Students
    * 4.2 Coaches
    * 4.3 Mentors
  * 5 Sponsors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: FLICKR Photos" )]

## FLICKR Photos

[Flickr Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/firstcolumbuslego/
"http://www.flickr.com/photos/firstcolumbuslego/" )

[Flickr Photo Group](http://www.flickr.com/groups/firstcolumbuslego/
"http://www.flickr.com/groups/firstcolumbuslego/" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Awards and Recognition" )]

## Awards and Recognition

  * Circuit Runners / Wheeler Highschool JFLL Expo 
  * StarBase Robins / GA Central Regional Qualifier / JFLL Expo 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Special projects" )]

## Special projects

  * Team Name(s) - [The Bananos](http://www.flickr.com/groups/firstcolumbuslego/ "http://www.flickr.com/groups/firstcolumbuslego/" )
  * 2006 NanoQuest JFLL Challenge 
  * Object Selection(s) - _We have chosen to build three different models of a different aspect of a television._

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Members List" )]

## Members List

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Students" )]

### [Students](/index.php/Students "Students" )

[2006 Bananos](/index.php/2006_Bananos "2006 Bananos" )

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Coaches" )]

### Coaches

  * [Frank Braski](/index.php/Frank_Braski "Frank Braski" ) (FIRSTColumbus Co-founder, Area Coordinator) 
  * [Dr. Tim Howard](/index.php?title=Dr._Tim_Howard&action=edit "Dr. Tim Howard" ) (Math Chair, Columbus State University) 
  * others? (don't be shy!) (role) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Mentors" )]

### Mentors

  * [Ian Guthridge](/index.php/Ian_Guthridge "Ian Guthridge" ) (FIRSTColumbus Co-founder, Northside Highschool Flying Pumpkins Mentor, FIRST Subject Matter Expert, 4 year alumni) 
  * Naveen Francis (Team Mentor, Banano Dad) 
  * Joanne Snider (Team Mentor, Banano Mom) 
  * Dr. Michael Edmonson, Northside Highschool (FIRST &amp; BEST Area Champion) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Sponsors" )]

## Sponsors

  * Randy and Judy Guthridge - Great parents of great kids! 
  * [Frank Braski](/index.php/Frank_Braski "Frank Braski" ) ([AFOL](http://www.legofan.com "http://www.legofan.com" )) 

FIRSTColumbus 2006 is the Junior First Lego League team registered team for
the Columbus and surrounding valley area.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/FIRSTColumbus2006>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=FIRSTColumbus2006
"Special:Categories" ): [FLL teams from
GA](/index.php?title=Category:FLL_teams_from_GA&action=edit "Category:FLL
teams from GA" ) | [FLL teams founded in
2006](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams_founded_in_2006 "Category:FLL teams
founded in 2006" ) | [FLL teams](/index.php/Category:FLL_teams "Category:FLL
teams" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/FIRSTColumbus2006)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=FIRSTColumbus2006)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/FIRSTColumbus2006)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/FIRSTColumbus2006)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=FIRSTColumbus2006&oldid=64263)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 17:37, 20 November 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 3,334 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

