As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Index of Regionals

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

_This is an **Index of Regionals**. The [Index of off-season
competitions](/index.php/Index_of_off-season_competitions "Index of off-season
competitions" ) has its own article._

_Main article: [Regional](/index.php/Regional "Regional" )_

[Regionals](/index.php/Regional "Regional" ) are the primary level of
competition for the [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ).

## Contents

  * 1 Official Regional Events
    * 1.1 Northeast
    * 1.2 Southeast
    * 1.3 Midwest
    * 1.4 West
    * 1.5 International
  * 2 Official District Events
    * 2.1 FIRST in Michigan Districts:
      * 2.1.1 Active:
      * 2.1.2 Defunct:
    * 2.2 Mid-Atlantic Robotics Districts:
      * 2.2.1 Active:
  * 3 Official State Events  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Official Regional Events" )]

## Official Regional Events

Below is information about each regional event.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Northeast" )]

### Northeast

  * [BAE Systems Granite State Regional](/index.php/BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional "BAE Systems Granite State Regional" ) \- Manchester, NH 
  * [New Jersey Regional](/index.php/New_Jersey_Regional "New Jersey Regional" ) \- Trenton, NJ 
  * [Pittsburgh Regional](/index.php/Pittsburgh_Regional "Pittsburgh Regional" ) \- Pittsburgh, PA 
  * [Northeast Utilities FIRST Connecticut Regional](/index.php/Northeast_Utilities_FIRST_Connecticut_Regional "Northeast Utilities FIRST Connecticut Regional" ) \- Hartford, CT 
  * [Chesapeake Regional](/index.php/Chesapeake_Regional "Chesapeake Regional" ) \- Annapolis, MD 
  * [SBPLI Long Island Regional](/index.php/SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional "SBPLI Long Island Regional" ) \- Hempstead, NY 
  * [Boston Regional](/index.php/Boston_Regional "Boston Regional" ) \- Boston, MA 
  * [New York City Regional](/index.php/New_York_City_Regional "New York City Regional" ) \- New York, NY 
  * [Philadelphia Regional](/index.php/Philadelphia_Regional "Philadelphia Regional" ) \- Philadelphia, PA 
  * [Finger Lakes Regional](/index.php/Finger_Lakes_Regional "Finger Lakes Regional" ) \- Rochester, NY 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Southeast" )]

### Southeast

  * [VCU Regional](/index.php/VCU_Regional "VCU Regional" ) \- Richmond, VA 
  * [Florida Regional](/index.php/Florida_Regional "Florida Regional" ) \- Orlando, FL 
  * [South Florida Regional](/index.php/South_Florida_Regional "South Florida Regional" ) \- Boca Raton, FL 
  * [Peachtree Regional](/index.php/Peachtree_Regional "Peachtree Regional" ) \- Duluth, GA 
  * [Palmetto Regional](/index.php/Palmetto_Regional "Palmetto Regional" ) \- Clemson, SC 
  * [Bayou Regional](/index.php/Bayou_Regional "Bayou Regional" ) \- New Orleans, LA 
  * [Lone Star Regional](/index.php/Lone_Star_Regional "Lone Star Regional" ) \- Houston, TX 
  * [Dallas Regional](/index.php/Dallas_Regional "Dallas Regional" ) \- Dallas, TX 
  * [Alamo Regional](/index.php/Alamo_Regional "Alamo Regional" ) \- San Antonio, TX 
  * [Smoky Mountains Regional](/index.php/Smoky_Mountains_Regional "Smoky Mountains Regional" ) \- Knoxville, TN 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Midwest" )]

### Midwest

  * [Great Lakes Regional](/index.php/Great_Lakes_Regional "Great Lakes Regional" ) \- Ypsilanti, MI 
  * [West Michigan Regional](/index.php/West_Michigan_Regional "West Michigan Regional" ) \- Allendale, MI 
  * [Detroit Regional](/index.php/Detroit_Regional "Detroit Regional" ) \- Detroit, MI 
  * [Rookie Regional](/index.php/Rookie_Regional "Rookie Regional" ) \- Flint, MI 
  * [Buckeye Regional](/index.php/Buckeye_Regional "Buckeye Regional" ) \- Cleveland, OH 
  * [Midwest Regional](/index.php/Midwest_Regional "Midwest Regional" ) \- Evanston, IL 
  * [Wisconsin Regional](/index.php/Wisconsin_Regional "Wisconsin Regional" ) \- Milwaukee, WI 
  * [Boilermaker Regional](/index.php/Boilermaker_Regional "Boilermaker Regional" ) \- West Lafayette, IN 
  * [St. Louis Regional](/index.php/St._Louis_Regional "St. Louis Regional" ) \- St. Louis, MO 
  * [Greater Kansas City Regional](/index.php/Greater_Kansas_City_Regional "Greater Kansas City Regional" ) \- Kansas City, MO 
  * [Oklahoma Regional](/index.php/Oklahoma_Regional "Oklahoma Regional" ) \- Oklahoma City, OK 
  * [Minnesota Regional](/index.php/Minnesota_Regional "Minnesota Regional" ) \- Minneapolis, MN 
  * [Minnesota 10,000 Lakes Regional](/index.php/Minnesota_10%2C000_Lakes_Regional "Minnesota 10,000 Lakes Regional" ) \- Minneapolis, MN 
  * [Minnesota North Star Regional](/index.php/Minnesota_North_Star_Regional "Minnesota North Star Regional" ) \- Minneapolis, MN 
  * [Lake Superior Regional](/index.php/Lake_Superior_Regional "Lake Superior Regional" ) \- Duluth, MN 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: West" )]

### West

  * [Pacific Northwest Regional](/index.php/Pacific_Northwest_Regional "Pacific Northwest Regional" ) \- Portland, OR 
  * [Arizona Regional](/index.php/Arizona_Regional "Arizona Regional" ) \- Phoenix, AZ 
  * [Davis Sacramento Regional](/index.php/Davis_Sacramento_Regional "Davis Sacramento Regional" ) \- Sacramento, CA 
  * [Colorado Regional](/index.php/Colorado_Regional "Colorado Regional" ) \- Denver, CO 
  * [Los Angeles Regional](/index.php/Los_Angeles_Regional "Los Angeles Regional" ) \- Los Angeles, CA 
  * [Silicon Valley Regional](/index.php/Silicon_Valley_Regional "Silicon Valley Regional" ) \- San Jose, CA 
  * [Las Vegas Regional](/index.php/Las_Vegas_Regional "Las Vegas Regional" ) \- Las Vegas, NV 
  * [San Diego Regional](/index.php/San_Diego_Regional "San Diego Regional" ) \- San Diego, CA 
  * [Seattle Regional](/index.php/Seattle_Regional "Seattle Regional" ) \- Seattle, WA 
  * [Hawaii Regional](/index.php/Hawaii_Regional "Hawaii Regional" ) \- Honolulu, HI 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: International" )]

### International

  * [Greater Toronto Regional West](/index.php?title=Greater_Toronto_Regional_West&action=edit "Greater Toronto Regional West" ) \- Mississauga, ON, Canada 
  * [Greater Toronto Regional East](/index.php?title=Greater_Toronto_Regional_East&action=edit "Greater Toronto Regional East" ) \- Oshawa, ON, Canada 
  * [Waterloo Regional](/index.php/Waterloo_Regional "Waterloo Regional" ) \- Waterloo, ON, Canada 
  * [GM/Technion University Israel Regional](/index.php/GM/Technion_University_Israel_Regional "GM/Technion University Israel Regional" ) \- Haifa, Israel 
  * [Brazil Pilot Regional](/index.php/Brazil_Pilot_Regional "Brazil Pilot Regional" ) \- Porto Alegre, Brazil 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Official District Events" )]

## Official District Events

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: FIRST in Michigan Districts:" )]

### _FIRST_ in Michigan Districts:

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Active:" )]

#### Active:

  * [Traverse City District](/index.php/Traverse_City_District "Traverse City District" ) \- Traverse City, MI 
  * [Kettering District](/index.php/Kettering_District "Kettering District" ) \- Flint, MI 
  * [Detroit District](/index.php/Detroit_District "Detroit District" ) \- Detroit, MI 
  * [West Michigan District](/index.php/West_Michigan_District "West Michigan District" ) \- Allendale, MI 
  * [Troy District](/index.php/Troy_District "Troy District" ) \- Troy, MI 
  * [Niles District](/index.php/Niles_District "Niles District" ) \- Niles, MI 
  * [Livonia District](/index.php/Livonia_District "Livonia District" ) \- Livonia, MI 
  * [Waterford District](/index.php/Waterford_District "Waterford District" ) \- Waterford, MI 
  * [Northville District](/index.php/Northville_District "Northville District" ) \- Northville, MI 
  * [Gull Lake District](/index.php/Gull_Lake_District "Gull Lake District" ) \- Richland, MI 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Defunct:" )]

#### Defunct:

  * [Cass Tech District](/index.php/Cass_Tech_District "Cass Tech District" ) \- Detroit, MI 
  * [Lansing District](/index.php/Lansing_District "Lansing District" ) \- Lansing, MI 
  * [Ann Arbor District](/index.php/Ann_Arbor_District "Ann Arbor District" ) \- Ann Arbor, MI 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Mid-Atlantic Robotics Districts:" )]

### Mid-Atlantic Robotics Districts:

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: Active:" )]

#### Active:

  * [Chestnut Hill District](/index.php/Chestnut_Hill_District "Chestnut Hill District" ) \- Philadelphia, PA 
  * [Hatboro-Horsham District](/index.php/Hatboro-Horsham_District "Hatboro-Horsham District" ) \- Horsham, PA 
  * [Lenape District](/index.php?title=Lenape_District&action=edit "Lenape District" ) \- Tabernacle, NJ 
  * [Mount Olive District](/index.php?title=Mount_Olive_District&action=edit "Mount Olive District" ) \- Flanders, NJ 
  * [Rutgers University District](/index.php/Rutgers_University_District "Rutgers University District" ) \- New Brunswick, NJ 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: Official State Events" )]

## Official State Events

  * [Michigan State Championship](/index.php/Michigan_State_Championship "Michigan State Championship" ) \- Ypsilanti, MI 
  * [Mid-Atlantic Robotics FRC Region Championship](/index.php?title=Mid-Atlantic_Robotics_FRC_Region_Championship&action=edit "Mid-Atlantic Robotics FRC Region Championship" ) \- Philadelphia, PA 

[![](/media/thumb/3/33/Noedit.png/14px-
Noedit.png)](/index.php/Image:Noedit.png "" )

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Index_of_Regionals>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Index_of_Regionals
"Special:Categories" ): [Regionals](/index.php/Category:Regionals
"Category:Regionals" ) | [Competitions](/index.php/Category:Competitions
"Category:Competitions" ) | [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/Category:FIRST_Robotics_Competition "Category:FIRST
Robotics Competition" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Index_of_Regionals)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/Talk:Index_of_Regionals)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Index_of_Regionals)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Index_of_Regionals)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Index_of_Regionals)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Index_of_Regionals&oldid=98880)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 16:56, 2 May 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 21,657 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

