# Webcasting and Recording

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

[![ ](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif " " ) |  **There are very few
or no other articles that [link to this
one](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Webcasting_and_Recording
"Special:Whatlinkshere/Webcasting and Recording" ).**  
Please help introduce links in articles on related topics. After links have
been created, remove this message. In some cases, if no links are added, this
artical/file may be subject to
[deletion](/index.php/Category:Candidates_for_speedy_deletion
"Category:Candidates for speedy deletion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

| **Please help [improve this article or section](http://www.firstwiki.net/ind
ex.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/in
dex.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit" ) by expanding it.**  
Further information might be found on the [talk
page](/index.php?title=Talk:Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit
"Talk:Webcasting and Recording" ) or at [requests for
expansion](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Requests_for_expansion "FIRSTwiki:Requests for
expansion" ).  
---|---  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Important Notes
  * 2 Things You'll Need
    * 2.1 Video Capture Devices
  * 3 Hosting the Webcast
  * 4 Archiving Video
    * 4.1 Formats and Codecs
    * 4.2 Naming Conventions  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Important Notes" )]

## Important Notes

Make sure you talk to the regional organizers as early as possible. Internet
is generally not available at the regionals except through the regional
coordinators. Additionally, make sure you will have space near the video
connection for a computer or two.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Things You'll Need" )]

## Things You'll Need

  * Connection to a video source 
  * Some type of video capture device (see below) 
  * Fairly high speed internet connection for webcasting 
  * Plenty of hard drive space for archiving _How much?_

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Video Capture Devices" )]

### Video Capture Devices

[Adaptec GameBridge AVC-1400](http://www.adaptec.com/en-
US/support/Video/prod/AVC-1400/ "http://www.adaptec.com/en-
US/support/Video/prod/AVC-1400/" )

[Eforcity USB2.0 Video Capture](http://www.eforcity.com/pmmusbvcbl01.html
"http://www.eforcity.com/pmmusbvcbl01.html" ) \-
[StevenB](/index.php?title=User:StevenB&action=edit "User:StevenB" ) is using
one of these, and it appears to work well. It's some no-brand thing from
China.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Hosting the Webcast" )]

## Hosting the Webcast

[ustream.tv](http://ustream.tv "http://ustream.tv" ) is a very simple way to
host your webcast.

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Archiving Video" )]

## Archiving Video

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Formats and Codecs" )]

### Formats and Codecs

From Jonathan Norris:

Format: .mov or .mp4 (.h264 or MPG4)

Resoultion: 640X480 VGA

Video Bit Rate: 1024kbps

Audio Bit Rate: 128kbps Stereo

  

[[edit](/index.php?title=Webcasting_and_Recording&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Naming Conventions" )]

### Naming Conventions

From Team 108

**General Naming Rules**

  * Two or three character event abbreviation in lowercase, e.g. "fl" 
  * Underscore, "_" 
  * Then one of the following: 
    * Qualification: Use THREE digits, "001", "047", "108". 
    * Elimination: Use "qf4m2", "sf2m1", "fm3" 
    * Awards: Use "award_" + AwardDescription. 
    * Opening: Use "openingremarks_" + "friday" or "saturday". 
    * Closing: Use "closingremarks_" + "friday" or "saturday". 
    * Else: any string that does not begin with "qf", "sf", "fm", or a digit. 
  * ".wmv" (or whatever format extension you encoded, hopefully windows media) 

Notes:

  * Always use lowercase, please. 
  * No spaces in a filename, please. 
  * Sometimes a match gets replayed- name the one that counts in the standings as "fl_001.wmv". The one(s) that do NOT count, "fl_001bad1.wmv", "fl_001bad2.wmv", etc... 

Abbreviations are as follows:

  * Week 1 
    * BAE SYSTEMS Granite State Regional NH 
    * Midwest Regional IL 
    * New Jersey Regional NJ 
    * Pacific Northwest Regional OR 
    * St. Louis Regional MO 
  * Week 2 
    * Arizona Regional AZ 
    * Finger Lakes Regional ROC 
    * Greater Kansas City Regional KC 
    * NASA / VCU Regional VA 
    * San Diego Regional SDC 
  * Week 3 
    * Boilermaker Regional IN 
    * Chesapeake Regional MD 
    * UTC Connecticut Regional CT 
    * Detroit Regional DT 
    * Florida Regional FL 
    * Peachtree Regional GA 
    * Pittsburgh Regional PIT 
    * Silicon Valley Regional SJ 
    * Wisconsin Regional WI 
    * Brazilian Regional BR 
  * Week 4 
    * Buckeye Regional OH 
    * Lone Star Regional TX 
    * Los Angeles Regional CA 
    * Microsoft Seattle Regional WA 
    * Oklahoma City Regional OK 
    * Sacramento Regional SAC 
    * Waterloo Regional WAT 
    * West Michigan Regional MI 
  *     * Israel Regional IS 
  * Week 5 
    * Bayou Regional LA 
    * Boston Regional MA 
    * Colorado Regional CO 
    * Great Lakes Regional GL 
    * Greater Toronto Regional ON 
    * Hawaii Regional HI 
    * Las Vegas Regional NV 
    * Minnesota Regional MN 
    * Palmetto Regional SC 
    * Philadelphia Regional PA 
    * SBPLI Long Island Regional LI 
  *     * New York City Regional NY 

