As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Speed controller

### From FIRSTwiki

(Redirected from [Speed
Controller](/index.php?title=Speed_Controller&redirect=no "Speed Controller"
))

Jump to: navigation, search

A **speed controller** is a device that processes an input signal to control
the speed of a [motor](/index.php/Motor "Motor" ). This is accomplished by
controlling the voltage delivered to the motor.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
Speed Controller Design" )]

## Speed Controller Design

Some low-current speed controllers use voltage regulator transistors to
control the voltage delivered to the motor. High-current speed controllers
like the [Victor](/index.php/Victor "Victor" ) series use a series of gates
arranged in an [H-bridge](/index.php?title=H-bridge&action=edit "H-bridge" )
to rapidly turn the power to the motor on and off. A
[capacitor](/index.php?title=Capacitor&action=edit "Capacitor" ) "smooths" the
on-off pattern into a constant current with a voltage lower than the supply
voltage of the speed controller. The H-bridge design also allows the motor to
be reversed and allows for the motor terminals to be shorted to "brake" the
motor.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section:
Types/Brands of Speed Controllers" )]

## Types/Brands of Speed Controllers

  * The [Victors](/index.php/Victor "Victor" ) used by [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" ) take input in the form of [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ). 
  * The [Jaguars](/index.php/Jaguar "Jaguar" ) take input either by [PWM](/index.php/PWM "PWM" ) or [CAN](/index.php?title=CAN&action=edit "CAN" ). 

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=edit" ) to
make a significant article. _See more [stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages
"Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Speed_controller>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Speed_controller
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" ) |
[Electronics](/index.php/Category:Electronics "Category:Electronics" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Speed_controller)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Speed_controller&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Speed_controller)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Speed_controller)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Speed_controller)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Speed_controller&oldid=79587)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:11, 27 May 2011.
  * This page has been accessed 2,382 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

