As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User talk:Josefjones*

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Top Class Radio Remote Controls for Industrial petroleum Industry**

  

ASKW Radio Distant Controls are particularly made for industrial petroleum
industry. They are mainly used for LPG and refined fuels. They're particularly
designed for as much as 8 channels of bulletproof control. These wi-fi
industrial management programs are an innovative manufacturing of [industrial
wireless technology](http://www.baseng.com/ "http://www.baseng.com/" ) and
they are broadly fashionable among the petrochemical functions including
propane bobtails and refined fuels trucks. Vary as much as one thousand ft and
battery life over 300 hours steady transmission, they comply with all US and
Canadian DOT necessities for “Off Truck Distant Shut Off”.

LPG and Refined gas radio remote controls are the results of over long years
expertise in pumping system and tank security tools design. They're
distinctive sufficient to supply unrestricted hose finish management in order
to enhance the productiveness tremendously and improve safety over standard
truck mounted guide controls. With a service report dating back 15 years and
over 50,000 programs in [industrial petroleum](http://www.falconarmy.com/media
wiki/index.php?title=User:Josefjones*
"http://www.falconarmy.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=User:Josefjones*" )
service, this technology has a confirmed document of reliability and
performance. These systems are typically developed for using specifically in
gasoline delivery truck functions requiring explosion proof, distant controls;
the ASKW system is available with one to eight management buttons in a rugged,
compact package.

**The product has the following features:**

The compact polycarbonate receiver unit of the system is easily installed by
using the prewired electrical harness supplied.

An exterior antenna is provided with the system with an working vary up to
1000ft (300m) with sufficient energy to punch through brick, concrete, and
metallic walls.

A small exterior “be taught” button can also be out there that permits for
easy transmitter replacement. The methods are manufacturing unit married with
unique 32 bit ID codes. It ensures that the receiver won't work with some
other transmitter.

The inner diagnostics LED can be obtainable in an effort to monitor the
battery ranges, signal connection, as well as different wiring faults for
simple troubleshooting.

The receivers are usually energized only in the course of the pumping
operations. They are also made with a fail-protected feature that closes all
tank valves throughout any energy loss or truck movement.

ASKW systems can be found for every type of vehicles, tanks, and chassis
mounted pumping systems. The short-connect distant wire harness might be
manufacturing facility ordered and pre-installed as an possibility from most
of the major truck manufacturers. ASKW methods can be found with 12/24VDC,
RS232, and J1939 CAN bus chassis interface connections. All of those methods
use cutting-edge encryption expertise to ensure an interference free, fail-
safe signal.

Emergency stop characteristic is one of the most essential facets of those
ASKW systems. The Emergency Stop feature really closes all tank valves, and
kills the truck engine and pump. When the E-Cease button is pressed it'll
repeatedly ship the same ‘shut-down’ signal. This method meets all of the
international regulatory requirements and is accessible for every type of
pneumatic, cable operated or “Flowmatic” kind tank valves and all truck
engines. In some countries Query possibility can be required so all of the
ASKW systems can be found with question choice on LPG delivery vehicles.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones%2A>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php?title=User:Josefjones%2A&action=edit)
  * [Discussion](/index.php/User_talk:Josefjones%2A)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones%2A&action=edit)
  * [+](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones%2A&action=edit&section=new)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones%2A&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User_talk:Josefjones%2A)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User_talk:Josefjones%2A)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User_talk:Josefjones%2A)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Josefjones%2A)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones%2A&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User_talk:Josefjones%2A&oldid=324708)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 07:25, 2 August 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 1 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

