# Team organization

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

**Team organization** refers to how [FIRST](first) [teams](Team "Team" ) are organized. 

## Contents

  * 1 Example
  * 2 Engineering
  * 3 Marketing
  * 4 Programming
  * 5 Strategy and design
  * 6 Community outreach
  * 7 Teachers
  * 8 Mentors
  * 9 Parents
  * 10 Sponsors  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Example" )]

##  Example

Here is one example of how team organization can be carried out. For Team
694[[1]](http://www.stuypulse.com "http://www.stuypulse.com" ) is comprised of
different groups organized into one efficient team by the officers. The
officers form an Executive Council, headed by the Co-Presidents and Vice
President. We use numerous [Yahoo! Groups](http://groups.yahoo.com
"http://groups.yahoo.com" ) in order to stay in touch (one for the entire
team, one for the Executive Council, etc.)

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Engineering" )]

## Engineering

This group actually constructs the [robot](Robot "Robot" ).
Possible lead positions include a Director of Engineering, a Director of Field
Construction, and a Director of Procurement (who orders our parts). This group
obviously becomes very active during the [build
period](/index.php?title=Build_period&action=edit "Build period" ). Students
interested in engineering and design should consider joining this group.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Marketing" )]

## Marketing

This involves both [fundraising](Fundraising "Fundraising" ) and
[publicity](/index.php?title=Publicity&action=edit "Publicity" ). Possible
heads of department include Treasurer and a Director of Publicity. Fundraising
includes seeking out sponsors. Publicity includes do things like communicating
with the press, raising school awareness about robotics, and any other methods
of raising the profile of the team. This group also finds non-FIRST events to
show the robot off. Marketing also undertakes the very important job of
writing the team's [Chairman's Award](Chairman%27s_Award
"Chairman's Award" ) submission. The Chairman's Award is the most prestigious
award we can win and it is for being the best and most involved team with the
most impact on team participants and our community. Wanted: people interested
in writing, advertising, photography, graphics design, videography, and just
general creative types.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Programming" )]

## Programming

Our Programming Team makes the robot move, which is very useful in
competitions. We have a Director of Programming. We are hoping to make a Web
Master position. In the past few years we have had to make the robot run
autonomously (without a human driver) for fifteen seconds. This challenge
falls to our programmers. Programming is done in the language C. We also have
a website, and so people interested in web design would have a place as well.
If someone is interested in programming, websites, or want to learn,
programming might fit the bill.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Strategy and design" )]

## Strategy and design

Our goal is to build the robot we think can best win the game. This is where
the team decides what that robot should be like and how that robot should play
the game. We have a Director of Strategy and Design. The design part involves
using Autodesk Inventor software to made a computerized design so that we can
make sure that a design is feasible. The strategy part involves making a scale
model of the field, testing out strategy on this field, watching web
broadcasts of competitions, and then scouting and watching matches at the
actual competition. Good for people who like strategy, design, persuading
people, et al.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Community outreach" )]

## Community outreach

Outreach means helping and mentoring other teams; high school FIRST Teams and
middle school [FIRST Lego League](FIRST_Lego_League "FIRST Lego
League" ) [teams](/index.php?title=FLL_team&action=edit "FLL team" ). We have
a Director of Outreach and a Director of Lego League. We're looking for people
who were on a Lego League team, like working with kids, can work with other
people, are organized, or otherwise want to help.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Teachers" )]

## Teachers

Teachers are an essential part of a team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Mentors" )]

## Mentors

We could not function without our devoted [mentors](Mentor "Mentor"
). Some are recent [alumni](Alumni "Alumni" ) who come back
whenever they can (weekends, vacations, even more if the college is closer).
Some are engineers, including parents of current students. Some ar e profess
ionals involved in marketing. Some are professionals who help any way they
can, such as the filmmaker who made a short film for our team.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Parents" )]

## Parents

Parents do whatever they can to keep our club running. They drive us to
events, provide us with meals, make travel arrangements, take pictures, and
support us in every way. After we recruit the kids to our team, our next job
is to recruit the parents! They haven't disappointed us yet.

[[edit](/index.php?title=Team_organization&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Sponsors" )]

## Sponsors

Sponsors make it all possible. These include major title sponsor, our school
Parent Assosciation, an aerospace manufacturing firm, and the company that
donates our shirts to us. We have also sought out local businesses; they help
us by giving us discounts on food and supplies.

This plan helps us manage the difficult and multi-faceted task of running a
FIRST team by breaking the large group into various manageable parts. Just in
case one ever gets confused, a [Team
Charter](/index.php?title=Team_Charter&action=edit "Team Charter" ) helps make
major, strategic decisions.

