As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# 1219

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

Iron Eagles  
---  
  
[![1219: Iron Eagles](/media/thumb/6/6a/1219teamlogo.jpg/180px-
1219teamlogo.jpg)](/index.php/Image:1219teamlogo.jpg "1219: Iron Eagles" )

[![Enlarge](/skins/common/images/magnify-
clip.png)](/index.php/Image:1219teamlogo.jpg "Enlarge" )

1219: Iron Eagles  
  
Rookie Year: | 2003  
Inactive Years: | {{{inactive}}}  
Location: | Toronto, ON, Canada  
School: | Emery Collegiate Institute  
Approx. size: | 30  
Team Website: | [Emery Robotics
Homepage](http://www.firsttopsite.com/out.php?id=104
"http://www.firsttopsite.com/out.php?id=104" )  
  
[Team Info](http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1219
"http://frclinks.appspot.com/t/1219" ) · [TBA
page](http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1219
"http://www.thebluealliance.com/team/1219" ) · [CD
pics](http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1219
"http://www.chiefdelphi.com/media/photos/tags/frc1219" )  
  
## Contents

  * 1 History
    * 1.1 *knock wood*
  * 2 Projects
  * 3 Robots
  * 4 Accomplishments
    * 4.1 Season
      * 4.1.1 2006
      * 4.1.2 2005
      * 4.1.3 2004
        * 4.1.3.1 [1219] :: Iron Eagles
        * 4.1.3.2 [1309] :: Diamond Eagles
      * 4.1.4 2003
    * 4.2 Off Season
    * 4.3 2006
      * 4.3.1 2005
  * 5 Sponsors
  * 6 Team
    * 6.1 Build Team
    * 6.2 Marketing
    * 6.3 Programming
    * 6.4 Videography
    * 6.5 Mentors
    * 6.6 Alumni  
---  
  

## History

Every year, in the month of April, more than 50 teams gather at the Hershey
Center in Mississauga for FIRST Robotics Competition – the Greater Toronto
Regional (GTR). 2003 marked the entrance of a new team – Team 1219, The Iron
Eagles. The Eagles were unsure of how well they would do, but they knew for a
fact that they would leave a mark and make their presence known. In fact, when
the GTR did roll around for 2003, they did just that. The Eagles brought
between a quarter to a third of the school to the competition, and not only
managed to capture the attention of the audience, but capture the judge’s
attention as well; allowing them to receive the Rookie-of-the-Year award. By
the time the competition was over, they ranked 33rd out of 51 teams.

The team returned for the 2004 GTR with high hopes and spirits. During the
build session of the year, the Eagles had decided they needed a change, to try
something new. With an initial record of 50 recruits, came the registration of
40 students within a week of the announcement that robotics was returning to
Emery. The Eagles were ecstatic about their future. However, they knew that
they would not be able to successfully manage a team of 90 students, and thus
the team split came into affect. This resulted in a girls and boys team (1309
and 1219 respectively), what could be better?

This however, only led to a half-successful “victory”. Team 1219 managed to
capture the 28th position out of 75 teams with a record of four wins, three
losses, and one tie, which allowed them to continue on to the quarter finals.
Team 1309 came up short with a three win, five losses landing them in the 50th
position. After this disappointing year, the Eagles knew that their strength
laid in their team, rather than their robot.

With the third year approaching, the Eagles were unsure of how they would
manage to do any better than the previous years. Many of the team veterans had
either moved on to university or were too busy with their last year in high
school, shrinking the team down from the 90 students down to approximately 30
committed members. The result of the previous year had also affected the teams
many sponsors – a loss that may affect them financially, but not spiritually
and inevitably, their performance.

After another year of hard work, and hours spent on the robot (when they
should have been spent studying for exams), the team once again did very
poorly at the GTR competition. The team had shrunk down to just 1219 once
again, but placed 53rd out of 66 teams with a record of two wins, four losses,
and two ties. The Eagles were far worse than disappointed and knew they had
built a force to be reckoned with, but the drivers just lacked the experience
that many other teams were given (entrance and participation in the Waterloo
Regional &amp; Finger Lakes Regional).

The team quickly became excited again when they were informed of the
possibility of going to Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A, for the 2005 Championship
Event. The students of the school itself in the past half decade had never
been further than Montreal, Quebec, and now all of a sudden the robotics team
was blessed with this offer, leaving the team stunned and confused of what to
expect, and highly anticipating of the upcoming events.

The twenty-two hour drive down the I-75 involved 14 of the team members, two
university mentors, and four teachers made their way down to Atlanta in a
coach bus, accompanied by the Iron Bears (Martingroove Collegiate Institute,
Team 854). The trip down to Atlanta was filled with anticipation, excitement,
and loads of American sized, extra-large French Vanilla cups.

The team was unsure of how they would do, after the unfortunate placement and
display at the GTR. Who, after our display at the at the GTR, would have
thought that Team 1219, the Iron Eagles, would place 5th of 85 in Galileo
Division and not only manage to capture the title of the 5th seeded team in
the division but also the title of the highest ranking Canadian team to ever
participate in the US FIRST Robotics Nationals history, totally unbelievable.

With the help of team 694 and 1507, the Iron Eagles managed to make it to the
Semi-Finals of the Galileo Division. Although that is where the journey ended,
it will always be embedded in the team’s mind that they went from 53rd of 66
teams in Toronto, Ontario, to 6th of 85 teams in Atlanta, Georgia, earning the
title as the highest ranking Canadian team in the competitions history.

The last event that was attended for the 2005 Season was the Paramount
Canada’s Wonderland Off-Season Invitational. Although The Team didn't do as
well as expected, Team 1680, a pre-rookie team that used another team's robot
and managed to attain the 5th place position, selected The Eagles to be part
of their alliance. The journey came to an end in the Semi-Finals, though The
Team was more than happy with the final results.

The 2006 season was something the team was very apprehensive about. Why? More
than half the team had graduated, one of our main mentors [Mr. Robertson;
Superman] had changed schools and Catman [Mr. Catania; Catman] was on the
verge of retirement. However, the team went through into the season head on,
hoping for decent results, but getting something far better.

1219 had entered the Waterloo Regional in hopes of gaining more driving
experience and a feel for the game first hand; however, we seemed to have
gotten more than that. The team placed 2nd of the 30 teams, making them the
2nd Seeded alliance, with a 11-1-0 [WLT] record. Not only that, the team also
came away from Waterloo with the Semifinalist position as well as the Radio
Shack Innovation in Control Award. AMAZING.

Although the season began with doubts, the season is seemingly ending off on a
high note. 1219 collectively agrees that Waterloo is one of the best
experiences in their lives; 2nd, only to Atlanta, GA.

With the Greater Toronto Regional, "Super Regional", overhead -- all eyes are
on 1219 and how they will pull away from this regional.


###### *knock wood*


## Projects

  * Junior Vex Team 
  * 3 Lego League Teams 


## Robots

  * 2003 - Robojeet 
  * 2004 - Iron Eagle [Boys Team] 
  * 2004 - Diamond Eagles [Girls Team] 
  * 2005 - The Grip 
  * 2006 - Un-named [unofficially 'The Choo-Choo'] 


## Accomplishments


### Season


#### 2006

  * Waterloo Regional 
    * 2nd of 30 with a 11-1-0 [W-L-T] record 
    * Semi-finalists 
    * Radio Shack Innovation in Control Award 
    * Team 68: Truck Town Thunder 'Play of the Day' Award 
    * Punctuality Award 
  * Greater Toronto Regional 
    * 17th of 74 with a 5-2-0 [W-L-T] record 
    * Quarter-finalists 

  


#### 2005

  * Greater Toronto Regional 
    * 53rd of 66 with a 2-4-2 [W-L-T] record 
  * Championship Event 
    * Seeded 5th of 85 in the Galileo Divison with a 5-1-0 [W-L-T] record 
    * Semi-finalists 
    * Top seeded Canadian team in the history of the Championships to date [Apr 21st - 23rd 2005](Not anymore Poor Eagles) 
    * Record Broken BY Team 296,217,and 522 blonging from Montearl, quebec, and ottawa(feel like killing them) 


#### 2004

  * First school to have two seperate teams; Girls Team: Diamond Eagles, Boys Team: Iron Eagles 
  * Greater Toronto Regional 

:: Iron Eagles" )]

##### [1219] :: Iron Eagles

  * 28th of 75 with a 4-3-1 [W-L-T] record 
  * Quarter-finalists 

:: Diamond Eagles" )]

##### [1309] :: Diamond Eagles

  * 50th of 75 with a 3-5-0 [W-L-T] record 


#### 2003

  * Canadian Regional 
    * 33rd of 51 
    * Rookie All-Star Award Friday 

  


### Off Season


### 2006

  * Wonderland Off-Season Invitational 
    * Perseverance Award 


#### 2005

  * Wonderland Off-Season Invitational 
    * Semi-finalists 


## Sponsors

  * Apotex Inc: Canada's Pharamaceutical Group 
  * Scotiabank Group 
  * FIRST 
  * Handshake: Innovating with Touch 
  * Humber River Regional Hospital 
  * Toronto District School Board 
  * Bell Canada 
  * Paramount Canada's Wonderland 
  * Seneca: College of Applied Arts and Technology 
  * ISECO 
  * MDRobotics 


## Team

There are many members that make up 1219. There are also many students who
help out with various aspects of the team. The following are divisions within
the 1219 Team. Please click on one of the following links to see the students
that are part of each division.


### Build Team

  * Emily Cooper 
  * Keeseop Ahn 
  * Krupal Kavathia 
  * Bilal Shahid 
  * Avisar Sharma 
  * Kevin Chetram 
  * Muni Tram 

  


### Marketing


### Programming

  * Jigar Patel 
  * Avisar Sharma 
  * Krupal Kavathia 

  


### Videography


### Mentors

  * Robin 
  * Donna Benoit 
  * Sammie Benyamin 
  * Jaspal Bola 
  * Varun Chandan 
  * Van Huynh 
  * Mubeen Farasat 
  * Abdullah Ramay 


### Alumni

_[Index of teams](/index.php/Index_of_teams "Index of teams" ):_  
---  
  
[1-100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1-100 "Index of teams" )
[101-200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#101-200 "Index of teams" )
[201-300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#201-300 "Index of teams" )
[301-400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#301-400 "Index of teams" )
[401-500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#401-500 "Index of teams" )
[501-600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#501-600 "Index of teams" )
[601-700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#601-700 "Index of teams" )
[701-800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#701-800 "Index of teams" )
[801-900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#801-900 "Index of teams" )
[901-1000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#901-1000 "Index of teams" )
[1001-1100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1001-1100 "Index of teams" )
[1101-1200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1101-1200 "Index of teams" )
[1201-1300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1201-1300 "Index of teams" )
[1301-1400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1301-1400 "Index of teams" )
[1401-1500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1401-1500 "Index of teams" )
[1501-1600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1501-1600 "Index of teams" )
[1601-1700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1601-1700 "Index of teams" )
[1701-1800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1701-1800 "Index of teams" )
[1801-1900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1801-1900 "Index of teams" )
[1901-2000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#1901-2000 "Index of teams" )
[2001-2100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2001-2100 "Index of teams" )
[2101-2200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2101-2200 "Index of teams" )
[2201-2300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2201-2300 "Index of teams" )
[2301-2400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2301-2400 "Index of teams" )
[2401-2500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2401-2500 "Index of teams" )
[2501-2600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2501-2600 "Index of teams" )
[2601-2700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2601-2700 "Index of teams" )
[2701-2800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2701-2800 "Index of teams" )
[2801-2900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2801-2900 "Index of teams" )
[2901-3000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#2901-3000 "Index of teams" )
[3001-3100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3001-3100 "Index of teams" )
[3101-3200](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3101-3200 "Index of teams" )
[3201-3300](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3201-3300 "Index of teams" )
[3301-3400](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3301-3400 "Index of teams" )
[3401-3500](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3401-3500 "Index of teams" )
[3501-3600](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3501-3600 "Index of teams" )
[3601-3700](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3601-3700 "Index of teams" )
[3701-3800](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3701-3800 "Index of teams" )
[3801-3900](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3801-3900 "Index of teams" )
[3901-4000](/index.php/Index_of_teams#3901-4000 "Index of teams" )
[4001-4100](/index.php/Index_of_teams#4001-4100 "Index of teams" )  
  
_[Index of teams by region](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region "Index of
teams by region" ):_  
---  
  
[NH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#BAE_Systems_Granite_State_Regional.2C
_Manchester.2C_NH "Index of teams by region" )
[NJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_Jersey_Regional.2C_Trenton.2C_NJ
"Index of teams by region" )
[VA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#NASA.2FVCU_Regional.2C_Richmond.2C_VA
"Index of teams by region" ) [OR](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Pacific_
Northwest_Regional.2C_Portland.2C_OR "Index of teams by region" )
[AZ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Arizona_Regional.2C_Phoenix.2C_AZ
"Index of teams by region" )
[FL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Florida_Regional.2C_Orlando.2C_FL
"Index of teams by region" ) [GL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Great_La
kes_Regional.2C_Ypsilanti.2C_MI "Index of teams by region" ) [PIT](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Pittsburgh_Regional.2C_Pittsburgh.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [MO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#St._Louis_Regional
.2C_St._Charles.2C_MO "Index of teams by region" ) [CT](/index.php/Index_of_te
ams_by_region#UTC_New_England_Regional.2C_Hartford.2C_CT "Index of teams by
region" ) [MD](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Chesapeake_Regional.2C_Anna
polis.2C_MD "Index of teams by region" )
[DT](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Detroit_Regional.2C_Detroit.2C_MI
"Index of teams by region" )
[GA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Peachtree_Regional.2C_Duluth.2C_GA
"Index of teams by region" ) [SAC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Sacrame
nto_Regional.2C_Sacramento.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [LI](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#SBPLI_Long_Island_Regional.2C_Brentwood.2C_NY "Index
of teams by region" )
[OH](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Buckeye_Regional.2C_Cleveland.2C_OH
"Index of teams by region" )
[CO](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Colorado_Regional.2C_Denver.2C_CO
"Index of teams by region" )
[IL](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Midwest_Regional.2C_Evanston.2C_IL
"Index of teams by region" ) [NY](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#New_York
_City_Regional.2C_New_York.2C_NY "Index of teams by region" ) [PA](/index.php/
Index_of_teams_by_region#Philadelphia_Regional.2C_Philadelphia.2C_PA "Index of
teams by region" ) [CA](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Southern_Californi
a_Regional.2C_Los_Angeles.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [ON](/index.php/I
ndex_of_teams_by_region#Canadian_Regional.2C_Mississauga.2C_ON "Index of teams
by region" )
[TX](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Lone_Star_Regional.2C_Houston.2C_TX
"Index of teams by region" )
[SC](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Palmetto_Regional.2C_Columbia.2C_SC
"Index of teams by region" ) [SJ](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Silicon_
Valley_Regional.2C_San_Jose.2C_CA "Index of teams by region" ) [MI](/index.php
/Index_of_teams_by_region#West_Michigan_Regional.2C_Grand_Rapids.2C_MI "Index
of teams by region" )
[WI](/index.php/Index_of_teams_by_region#Wisconsin_Regional.2C_Milwaukee.2C_WI
"Index of teams by region" )  
  
