As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# Co-Opertition FIRST

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

  

**Co-Operation FIRST** was the name of the 2000 season [FIRST game](/index.php/FRC_Games "FRC Games" ). 

Index of FRC Games  
---  
  
  * 2011 [Rebound Rumble](/index.php/Rebound_Rumble "Rebound Rumble" )
  * 2011 [Logo Motion](/index.php/Logo_Motion "Logo Motion" )
  * 2010 [Breakaway](/index.php/Breakaway "Breakaway" )
  * 2009 [Lunacy](/index.php/Lunacy "Lunacy" )
  * 2008 [FIRST Overdrive](/index.php/FIRST_Overdrive "FIRST Overdrive" )
  * 2007 [Rack 'n' Roll](/index.php/Rack_%27n%27_Roll "Rack 'n' Roll" )
  * 2006 [Aim High](/index.php/Aim_High "Aim High" )
  * 2005 [Triple Play](/index.php/Triple_Play "Triple Play" )
  * 2004 [FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar](/index.php/FIRST_Frenzy:_Raising_the_Bar "FIRST Frenzy: Raising the Bar" )
  * 2003 [Stack Attack](/index.php/Stack_Attack "Stack Attack" )
  * 2002 [Zone Zeal](/index.php/Zone_Zeal "Zone Zeal" )
  * 2001 [Diabolical Dynamics](/index.php/Diabolical_Dynamics "Diabolical Dynamics" )
  * 2000 **Co-Opertition FIRST**
  * 1999 [Double Trouble](/index.php/Double_Trouble "Double Trouble" )
  * 1998 [Ladder Logic](/index.php/Ladder_Logic "Ladder Logic" )
  * 1997 [Toroid Terror](/index.php/Toroid_Terror "Toroid Terror" )
  * 1996 [Hexagon Havoc](/index.php/Hexagon_Havoc "Hexagon Havoc" )
  * 1995 [Ramp n' Roll](/index.php/Ramp_n%27_Roll "Ramp n' Roll" )
  * 1994 [Tower Power](/index.php/Tower_Power "Tower Power" )
  * 1993 [Rug Rage](/index.php/Rug_Rage "Rug Rage" )
  * 1992 [Maize Craze](/index.php/Maize_Craze "Maize Craze" )  
  
  

## Contents

  * 1 Field Layout
  * 2 Game Description
    * 2.1 Scoring
    * 2.2 Timing
  * 3 Tournament Structure
    * 3.1 Qualifying Matches
    * 3.2 Elimination Matches
  * 4 Kit of Parts
  * 5 Rules
  * 6 Strategies
  * 7 Robots
  * 8 Misc Info
  * 9 Sources  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=1 "Edit
section: Field Layout" )]

## Field Layout

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=2 "Edit
section: Game Description" )]

## Game Description

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=3 "Edit
section: Scoring" )]

### Scoring

  * 1 Point for Yellow Ball in Scoring Trough 
  * 5 Points for Black Ball in Scoring Trough 
  * 5 Points for a robot on Ramp at end of Match 
  * 10 Points for robots Hanging at end of Match 

The maximum score a alliance can gain is 45 to 44 points with the winning
alliance receiving 132 QP’s. This can be achieved as follows:

  * Robots Hanging - 10 points 
  * 3 Black Balls - 15 points 
  * 15 Yellow Balls - 15 points 
  * 1 Robot on Ramp - 5 points 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=4 "Edit
section: Timing" )]

### Timing

  * Quarter: (2:00 - 1:30) 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=5 "Edit
section: Tournament Structure" )]

## Tournament Structure

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=6 "Edit
section: Qualifying Matches" )]

### Qualifying Matches

  * Each team receives Qualifying Points for their alliance 
  * Losing Alliance gets Match Points as QP’s 
  * Winning Alliance gets 3x Losing Alliance’s Match Points as QP’s 
  * Teams are ranked based on QP’s 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=7 "Edit
section: Elimination Matches" )]

### Elimination Matches

  * Alliance wins best 2 out of 3 moves on 

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=8 "Edit
section: Kit of Parts" )]

## Kit of Parts

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=9 "Edit
section: Rules" )]

## Rules

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=10 "Edit
section: Strategies" )]

## Strategies

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=11 "Edit
section: Robots" )]

## Robots

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=12 "Edit
section: Misc Info" )]

## Misc Info

[[edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit&section=13 "Edit
section: Sources" )]

## Sources

  * [Team 140's description](http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2000/index.html "http://www.surko.net/first/competition/2000/index.html" )
  * [Team 177's description](http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2000.html "http://www.swindsor.k12.ct.us/Highschool/activities/clubs/first/2000.html" )
  * [Team 237's description](http://www.team237.com/2000game.html "http://www.team237.com/2000game.html" )
  * [Team 45 History Compilation](http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php "http://www.technokats.org/historyproject.php" )

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).  
_

[Please add more content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Co-
Opertition_FIRST&action=edit "http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Co-
Opertition_FIRST&action=edit" ) to make a significant article. _See more
[stubs](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST>"

[Categories](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Co-Opertition_FIRST
"Special:Categories" ): [FRC Games](/index.php/Category:FRC_Games
"Category:FRC Games" ) | [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Co-Opertition_FIRST)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Co-Opertition_FIRST)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Co-Opertition_FIRST)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Co-Opertition_FIRST)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Co-Opertition_FIRST&oldid=75216)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 13:12, 3 March 2010.
  * This page has been accessed 8,564 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

