# 1257 in 2004

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 Build
    * 1.1 A night at Jason Livingston's house
  * 2 New Jersey Regional
  * 3 Chesapeake Regional
    * 3.1 Arrival and qualifying matches
    * 3.2 Alliance selection
      * 3.2.1 "I'm sorry, that number doesn't exist either"
    * 3.3 Elimination rounds  
---  
  

## Build

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: A
night at Jason Livingston's house" )]

### A night at [Jason Livingston's house](/index.php/User:Jason_Livingston
"User:Jason Livingston" )

A few days before ship date, Vortex found itself hovering slightly above the
weight limit. The solution? Take the robot to a student's house to work on it
a bit on the weekend. Work was progressing well. Hacksaws were flying and the
weight was dropping.

Eventually, we had to respool the winch that lifts the robot off the ground.
All of a sudden, [Max](/index.php/Maxim_Lobovsky "Maxim Lobovsky" ), Preethi
Moorthi, and Eric Whitman (Jason was in the basement hacking away at some
aluminum with his dad) jumped back as a sudden hissing and burning sound
filled the room. We all turned to whitness a strange blue-green flame coming
from the 12 volt battery on the floor. It looked like a giant, continuous
spark spewing grey smoke. Max realized that something must have shorted the
battery terminals and feared that the heat might explode the sealed battery.
Dumbfounded, everyone stood there watching for a few momments. Max regained
some of his senses (but apparently not enough) and began saying, "Do
something!" directed at Eric who was also standing near the battery. Finally,
the piece of metal shorting the battery fell to the floor. We immediately
realized it was a piece of cable from the winch that had innocently fallen
_directly across the terminals_. The heat of the arc between the wire and
terminals had very quickly heated the wire to a red-hot glow and eventually
severed the ends of it. That's when it fell.

Of course, the story wasn't over yet. We had been working on a thin, plastic
tarp... _in a wood-floored living room._ The glowing piece of 3/16 cable was
obviously singing the wood. Eric realized this, grabbed the nearest tool (an
adjustable wrench) and flicked the cable away. It landed elsewhere and made an
additional, though smaller burn. The first burn was about 8 inches long, 1/4
in wide and 1/8 in deep.

Seconds after the burning stopped, Jason's mom, hearing the commotion, walked
in to the room. She witnessed the trailing end of the small cloud of smoke
spreading out and disappearing across the ceiling. There was a simultaneous,
nearly-audible, "Oh shit!". The students and the mother just stared at the
burn mark. Obviously, the students begane apologizing profusely. Luckily, Mrs.
Livingston was very understanding, and amazingly, was just worried that
something was wrong with the robot. We packed up, a rug was put back
conveniently over the spot, and all was forgotten.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section: New
Jersey Regional" )]

## [New Jersey Regional](/index.php/New_Jersey_Regional "New Jersey Regional"
)

This was the first FIRST regional that 1257 attended. Vortex arrived in less
than optimal condition to compete against the other robots, and out driver
team basically had to learn the controls on the day of the competion. The team
only did as well as it did by being paired with teams that were comfortable
with the controls of their robot, and had a robot that could perform all of
its functions reasonably well.

  * [DaimlerChrysler Team Spirit Award](/index.php/DaimlerChrysler_Team_Spirit_Award "DaimlerChrysler Team Spirit Award" )
  * Seeded 27 of 47 

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Chesapeake Regional" )]

## [Chesapeake Regional](/index.php/Chesapeake_Regional "Chesapeake Regional"
)

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Arrival and qualifying matches" )]

### Arrival and qualifying matches

The team thought long and hard between the NJ and Chesapeake Regionals about
what we might do to fix the various bugs that were keeping the robot off the
top (literally). Immediately after arrival on Friday, repairs were made. The
protective cage around the electronics was remade, weight shaved off, and
steel cables replaced with high-test nylon. The hardwork the students (and Mr.
Wong) put into the robot were not in vain; the robot managed a 5-2 record in
the qualifying matches putting it in 13th seed. The two lost matches were due
to a malfunction preventing a hang one round, and an opposing robot denying us
from the bar another.


### Alliance selection

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=7 "Edit section:
"I'm sorry, that number doesn't exist either"" )]

#### "I'm sorry, that number doesn't exist either"

As anyone who attended the Chesapeake Regional in 2004 surely remembers, 1257
ended up being 8th alliance captain. What followed was potentially one of the
most embarrasing momments in the life of [Maxim Lobovsky](/index.php/User:Max
"User:Max" ), the team representative at alliance selections. When it came
time to select partners, Max realized that the list he had been handed of
teams to choose consisted of about the top 10 or so teams. Because we were 8th
seed, this list was useless and Max was left not knowing who to select. He
managed to call the team scout down to the side of the arena just a few
seconds too late. The emcee came over and requested Max to pick an alliance.
Max attempted to whisper to the emcee asking for the list of teams as he
needed to make some sort of decision immediately. Not understanding what he
was doing, the emcee raised the mic to Max's mouth so theis strange request
echoed over the whole crowd. The already loud audience erupted in to a roaring
laughter. As Max saw the team scout approaching, he attempted to delay a bit
and the emcee's provocations only egged the crowd to higher levels of
amusement. Finally, the scout was about 25 feet away. He began shouting the
number [1391](/index.php/1391 "1391" ), Max could not hear clearly because it
was so loud in the stadium. Max subsequently began naming team numbers that he
had thought he heard, but all turned out to be teams that were not attending
the regional. That was when the phrase that came to define the episode for
1257 was uttered. After about the third attempt, the emcee responded, "I'm
sorry, that number doesn't exist either". Max ended up saying a number he
remembered for sure, but not one of the team's top choices. Afterwards, team
1391 realized that Max was attempting to call their number and both teams
attempted to change the alliance to no avail. 1257 apologized profusely at the
time, and later in a CD thread.

  
It was noted after the last qualifying match by [Leon
Goldfeld](/index.php?title=Leon_Goldfeld&action=edit "Leon Goldfeld" ), the
human player, that 1257's qualifying score was 5 opponents' points away from
putting it into a higher seed. This turned out to be relavent because the 5
points could have been easily given to an opponent in the last qualifying
match: In the final seconds of the last match, Max failed to direct Leon to
shoot into the opposition's mobile goal which was sitting literally in front
of him.

[[edit](/index.php?title=1257_in_2004&action=edit&section=8 "Edit section:
Elimination rounds" )]

### Elimination rounds

  * [Rookie Inspiration Award](/index.php/Rookie_Inspiration_Award "Rookie Inspiration Award" )
  * Seeded 13 of 53 
  * 8th Alliance Captain 
  * Lost in quarterfinals of [elimination round](/index.php/Elimination_round "Elimination round" )

