# Kickoff

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

The kickoff is [FIRST](/index.php/FIRST "FIRST" )'s chance to reveal the
season's new [FIRST Robotics
Competition](/index.php/FIRST_Robotics_Competition "FIRST Robotics
Competition" ) [game](/index.php/Game "Game" ). The actual kickoff is held in
Manchester, NH at a location near [FIRST
headquarters](/index.php/FIRST_headquarters "FIRST headquarters" ), but remote
kickoffs are held all around the country so [team](/index.php/Team "Team" )
members can attend local broadcasts and learn about the new game from the
mouths of the people who came up with it. FIRST celebrities like [Dean
Kamen](/index.php/Dean_Kamen "Dean Kamen" ) and [Woodie
Flowers](/index.php/Woodie_Flowers "Woodie Flowers" ) announce new features of
the competition and stress the importance of [gracious
professionalism](/index.php/Gracious_professionalism "Gracious
professionalism" ). A demonstration of the new game is also sometimes done,
and a model of that year's field is unveiled. Then, each team is given their
kit of parts, which has earned kickoff the nickname of a FIRSTer's Christmas.

  

[![](/media/thumb/1/10/FIRST_logo.gif/50px-
FIRST_logo.gif)](/index.php/Image:FIRST_logo.gif "" )

|  _This article is currently a stub (a short article without much content).
[Please add more
content](http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Kickoff&action=edit
"http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php?title=Kickoff&action=edit" ) to make a
significant article. If you'd like to add to more stubs, look at the list of
[short articles](/index.php/Special:Shortpages "Special:Shortpages" )._  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/Kickoff>"

[Category](/index.php?title=Special:Categories&article=Kickoff
"Special:Categories" ): [Stubs](/index.php/Category:Stubs "Category:Stubs" )

##### Views

  * [Article](/index.php/Kickoff)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=Talk:Kickoff&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=Kickoff&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=Kickoff&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=Kickoff)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/Help:Contents)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/Kickoff)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/Kickoff)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=Kickoff&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=Kickoff&oldid=53780)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 21:10, 24 January 2007.
  * This page has been accessed 1,502 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

