As we organize getting the site's software updated, feel free to submit any
suggestions you have on how we can improve the wiki
_**_[here!](/index.php/User:Hallry/Suggestions "User:Hallry/Suggestions"
)_**_. Thanks for all of your support!

If you are an administrator, it would be greatly appreciated if you could help
patrol [Recent Changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges
"Special:Recentchanges" ) to combat spam.

# User:Barnett56

### From FIRSTwiki

Jump to: navigation, search

## Contents

  * 1 First Look-Louis Vuitton Damier Rivington
  * 2 A closer look at Louis Vuitton Spring 2012
  * 3 Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass
  * 4 Louis Vuitton Wapity Case
  * 5 Louis Vuitton Card Deck Set  
---  
  
[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit&section=1 "Edit section:
First Look-Louis Vuitton Damier Rivington" )]

##  First Look-Louis Vuitton Damier Rivington

I got an email last week of a PurseBlog reader looking for a sneak peek at an
upcoming Louis Vuitton bag. Lea asked and we can deliver! Welcome the **Louis
Vuitton Damier Rivington** which is said to be available starting August 1st.

You know why I love this bag? There is a large shoulder drop and a seemingly
good sized body with the sturdy Louis Vuitton Damier Canvas. The Damier canvas
is a favorite of mine. It works well with many outfits,[cheap louis
vuitton](http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/
"http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/" ), seasons, and years. Keep your eyes out
for more from Louis Vuitton items hitting stores this summer! Approximate
price will be $1030. Shop via Louis Vuitton online.

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit&section=2 "Edit section: A
closer look at Louis Vuitton Spring 2012" )]

##  A closer look at Louis Vuitton Spring 2012

Of all the Spring 2012 collections, all the pastels and brights and florals,
it's hard to name any one line that more thoroughly captured the light, airy
idealization of the season quite like Louis Vuitton. The runway show show
practically floated on its own, filled with white broderie anglais and
crocodile bags in the palest shades of blue and yellow imaginable. We've
covered the collection's most notable pieces, from the light-as-a-feather
Monogram Transparence to the lavishly expensive Crocodile Old Speedy
Flap,[cheap authentic louis vuitton
handbags](http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-
handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html "http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-
handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html" ), but the rest of the collection yields some
gems as well.

And thus, we bring you the rest of the **Louis Vuitton Fall 2012 Collection**.
From leather-trimmed satchels in pale monogramed canvas to a few of the
controversial basket bags we saw on the runway, this collection has a little
bit of something for everyone. Personally, count me in for the bicolor **Louis
Vuitton Speedy North South**, please. Check out all of the bags after the
jump.

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit&section=3 "Edit section:
Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass" )]

##  Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass

While you are reading this, I'll be sitting on an airplane with a numb arse
eating my peanuts and wondering how much longer the 9 hour flight will be. You
can instead enjoy the comfort of your home/office/wherever and admire this set
of two hair cubes. Ah yes. The **Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass** is proving
to us that hair scrunchies and hair ties are soo HOT! You can choose from a
set of Pink/blue or Brown/beige. I bet this is what you all have been dreaming
about. Lucky us, they are finally here. Unfortunately, I will not be buying
these. These cubes remind me of the car dice that hang from the rear view
window- and that is a bad thing,[cheap louis vuitton belts for
men](http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html
"http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html" )!
Right now there is no word on the pricing- but if you really want to inquire
just call your local LV boutique or check them out online. Actually when I
think about it again, these could possibly be pulled off by some girls (or
guys &lt;img class="wp-smiley" title="Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass"
alt="Louis Vuitton Hair Cubes Strass icon smile" src="/&gt; ), but I'm not
sure if I can see that person being me.

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit&section=4 "Edit section:
Louis Vuitton Wapity Case" )]

##  Louis Vuitton Wapity Case

I want a Wapity!!!! Last night I was spending some much needed time on the
lovely Purse Forum and ran into some posts about the Wapity and got my mind
completely and totally set on it. I am so set on it, that I have been
imagining how well it will work for when I go out. The **Louis Vuitton Wapity
Case** is made with the Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim and is
accented with golden brass hardware. Perfectly for nights on the town, there
is a natural wrist strap with yellow topstitching and a golden LV rivet. I
have been looking for the perfect accessory for a night out dancing,[discount
authentic louis vuitton handbags](http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-
handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html "http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/scarves-
handbags-c-113_128_3_31_32.html" ), would this be it?? The interior has a
patch pocket and raspberry alcantara lining. Overall the Wapity, which is my
new favorite word to say, measures 4.3″ x 3″ x 1.7″. Someone please tell me
you have this and let me know if it can hold the necessities I need to have
with me at all times (pics would be ohh so helpful)!!!! Buy it via eLuxury for
$255.

[[edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit&section=5 "Edit section:
Louis Vuitton Card Deck Set" )]

##  Louis Vuitton Card Deck Set

Folks,[cheap louis vuitton shoes for
women](http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/shoes-c-102.html
"http://www.louisvuittonbetter.com/shoes-c-102.html" ), we've done it. I
think. Maybe I'm being optimistic. But, with the advent of the **Louis Vuitton
Card Deck Set**, I think it may be possible for someone with enough money and
enough dedication to go through their entire day without deigning to use a
product that's not luxury branded. We've covered Chanel and Hermes bicycles,
Gucci makes wallpaper, Fendi makes bedding, Versace makes furniture. And now,
your husband won't just be playing poker with the guys, he'll be playing
**Louis Vuitton** poker. And that won't get him made fun of by his buddies AT
ALL, I promise.

Eluxury promises that this set includes three "luxurious" decks of cards, so
please, help me brainstorm in the comments - exactly how does one make playing
cards luxurious? The first thing that came to my mind was having the symbols
ever so carefully covered in close-cropped mink, making them slightly furry.
How would you do it? Buy through eLuxury for $105.

Retrieved from "<http://www.firstwiki.net/index.php/User:Barnett56>"

##### Views

  * [User page](/index.php/User:Barnett56)
  * [Discussion](/index.php?title=User_talk:Barnett56&action=edit)
  * [Edit](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=edit)
  * [History](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&action=history)

##### Personal tools

  * [Log in / create account](/index.php?title=Special:Userlogin&returnto=User:Barnett56)

[](/index.php/Main_Page "Main Page" )

##### Navigation

  * [Main Page](/index.php/Main_Page)
  * [Community portal](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Community_portal)
  * [Current events](/index.php/Current_events)
  * [Recent changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchanges)
  * [Random page](/index.php/Special:Random)
  * [Help](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Help)
  * [Donations](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Site_support)

##### Search



##### Toolbox

  * [What links here](/index.php/Special:Whatlinkshere/User:Barnett56)
  * [Related changes](/index.php/Special:Recentchangeslinked/User:Barnett56)
  * [User contributions](/index.php/Special:Contributions/Barnett56)
  * [Upload file](/index.php/Special:Upload)
  * [Special pages](/index.php/Special:Specialpages)
  * [Printable version](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&printable=yes)
  * [Permanent link](/index.php?title=User:Barnett56&oldid=196966)

[![MediaWiki](/skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png)](http://www.
mediawiki.org/)

[![GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](/stylesheets/images/gnu-
fdl.png)](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)

  * This page was last modified 02:16, 7 July 2012.
  * This page has been accessed 25 times.
  * Content is available under [GNU Free Documentation License 1.2](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html" ).
  * [Privacy policy](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Privacy_policy "FIRSTwiki:Privacy policy" )
  * [About FIRSTwiki](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:About "FIRSTwiki:About" )
  * [Terms and Conditions](/index.php/FIRSTwiki:Terms_and_conditions "FIRSTwiki:Terms and conditions" )

